Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease.
The best way to learn is to solve extra problems.
The spray will be used in first division matches next season.
Our experiment's positive outcome was unexpected.
Alimony harms a divorced man's wealth.
She uses both names interchangeably.
The misquote was retracted with an apology.
Critics fear the erosion of consumer protections and environmental standards.
Her lips, moist and parted, spoke his name.
How do they turn out later?
The eastern coast is a place for pure pleasure and excitement.
Please make your decision wisely to visit the Beach.
She encouraged her children to make their own Halloween costumes.
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil.
Both figures would go higher in later years.
She always jokes about too much garlic in his food.
If people were more generous, there would be no need for welfare.
The dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement.
The knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again.
Selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem.
Have a test-run on the family first, to be sure timing and seasoning are right.
A good attitude is unbeatable.
Make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids, omitting design disk.
It's healthier to cook without sugar.
Ironically enough, in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury.
Every cab needs repainting often.
Coconut cream pie makes a nice dessert.
George seldom watches daytime movies.
Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved.
The nearest synagogue may not be within walking distance.
Some measures on student debt relief have already been taken.
Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system.
His talk turns to what he calls the mess, or sometimes this buzzing confusion.
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction.
I ate every oyster on Nora's plate.
Usually, they occur through Facebook.
Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light.
I do struggle with visuals but will do a higher dose sometime soon.
Call an ambulance for medical assistance.
Usually it snaps back into place by morning.
He doesn't want her to look frowningly at him, or speak to him angrily.
Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein.
The cigarettes in the clay ashtray overflowed onto the oak table.
The measures require parliamentary approval before they can come into force.
We produce peanut oil, but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed.
His election, on the other hand, would unquestionably strengthen the regulars.
Do atypical farmers grow oats?
Further, it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned.
My desires are simple: give me one informative paragraph on the subject.
Our boy didn't chicken out, no sir.
The moisture in my eyes is from eyedrops, not from tears.
The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles.
One needs to protect the skin from exposure to the sun.
Suburban housewives often suffer from the gab habit.
Grandmother outgrew her upbringing in petticoats.
John's brother repainted the garage door.
An octillion atoms -- now let us see where this power comes from.
They own a big house in the remote countryside.
He banked his treasure in the hearts of his friends.
Nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation.
Our enemy is also threatening to devour us.
No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved.
And according to the new revisions, they might very well change.
Fill that canteen with fresh spring water.
Angora cats are furrier than Siamese.
Employee layoffs coincided with the company's reorganization.
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
Is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her outgrow these traits?
He may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes.
The emblem depicts the Acropolis all aglow.
The local drugstore was charged with illegally dispensing tranquilizers.
That noise problem grows more annoying each day.
His shoulder felt as if it were broken.
Do they make class-biased decisions?
Cliff was soothed by the luxurious massage.
Eating spinach nightly increases strength miraculously.
His failure to open the store by eight cost him his job.
The emperor had a mean temper.
This big, flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined.
Birthday parties have cupcakes and ice cream.
We congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation.
You people don't have adjustable vision.
He looked lazy, spoiled, a little querulous.
The toddler found a clamshell near the camp site.
Westchester is a county in New York.
How ancient is this subway escalator?
They're doin' it now.
If you destroy confidence in banks, you do something to the economy, he said.
Hispanic costumes are quite colorful.
An official deadline cannot be postponed.
But the ships are very slow now, and we don't get so many sailors any more.
They were shown how to advance against an enemy outpost atop a cleared ridge.
Eat your raisins outdoors on the porch steps.
Historical existence is a created good.
Puree some fruit before preparing the skewers.
That diagram makes sense only after much study.
Lots of foreign movies have subtitles.
Trim away excess clay; reinforce seam with a coil of clay.
Allow each child to have an ice pop.
For me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors.
He was above all a friend seeker, almost pathetic in his eagerness to be liked.
Thus there is a clearer division of authority, administrative and legislative.
That's an illusion.
Iguanas and alligators are tropical reptiles.
A voice spoke near-at-hand.
A screwdriver is made from vodka and orange juice.
A lone star shone in the early evening sky.
She looked crestfallen, as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race.
This was easy for us.
Daphne's Swedish needlepoint scarf matched her skirt.
He who does not love abides in death.
It's fun to roast marshmallows on a gas burner.
The measure now moves to the Senate floor for a vote.
Palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are plated with tin.
Seamstresses attach zippers with a thimble, needle, and thread.
In your garden it usually breaks down within a few days.
We have touched on many topics, from backpacking all the way through to luxury travel.
Try to recall the events in chronological order.
Bob papered over the living room murals.
What happens after looters find treasure?
Would such an act of refusal be useful?
The thick elm forest was nearly overwhelmed by Dutch Elm Disease.
Are you looking for employment?
Cliff's display was misplaced on the screen.
Norwegian sweaters are made of lamb's wool.
This news was published on the old version of the website.
In fact our whole defensive unit did a good job.
A leather handbag would be a suitable gift.
For a moment, boy and mount hung in midair.
Her classical performance gained critical acclaim.
Mosquitoes exist in warm, humid climates.
Thick glue oozed out of the tube.
Draw each graph on a new axis.
The new birth is miraculous and mysterious.
Drop five forms in the box before you go out.
But how little love we give him!
They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption.
Reading in poor light gives you eyestrain.
Next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action.
Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick.
Which church do the Smiths worship in?
The barracuda recoiled from the serpent's poisonous fangs.
You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim.
Remember to allow identical twins to enter freely.
A connoisseur will enjoy this shellfish dish.
If they are not ellipsoids, the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation.
Wider discretionary choices for customers.
Steph could barely handle the psychological trauma.
How oily do you like your salad dressing?
Severe myopia contributed to Ron's inferiority complex.
Destroy every file related to my audits.
Valley Lodge yearly celebrates the first calf born.
Steve collects rare and novel coins.
Scholastic aptitude is judged by standardized tests.
He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers.
Castor oil, made from castorbeans, has gone out of style as a medicine.
Take charge of choosing her bride's maids' gowns.
Movies never have enough villains.
Keep your seats, boys, I just want to put some finishing touches on this thing.
The fifth jar contains big, juicy peaches.
Look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries.
Shipbuilding is a most fascinating process.
The triumphant warrior exhibited naive heroism.
Maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a ghost town.
It is those measures which are now being prepared.
Stories like that of her and her son are not unusual.
Curiosity and mediocrity seldom coexist.
Do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat.
They remained lifelong friends and companions.
Pizzerias are convenient for a quick lunch.
My ideal morning begins with hot coffee.
His body processes only slowed down enough for him to dispel fatigue poisons.
Growing well-kept gardens is very time consuming.
Laugh, dance, and sing if fortune smiles upon you.
Objects made of pewter are beautiful.
What is this large thing by the ironing board?
You will usually be guided.
This can be easily visualized with the following simple graph.
Should giraffes be kept in small zoos?
Any groups with bookings affected by the partial closure have been notified, he said.
Jokes, cartoons and cynics to the contrary, mothers-in-law make good friends.
We welcome many new students each year.
Flying standby can be practical if you want to save money.
He picked up nine pairs of socks for each brother.
We experience distress and frustration obtaining our degrees.
My beloved ward, my perennial gadfly, said the whining voice.
As a precaution, the outlaws bought gunpowder for their stronghold.
Put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked.
A muscular abdomen is good for your back.
The small boy put the worm on the hook.
Regular attendance is seldom required.
Beg that guard for one gallon of gas.
There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
She is thinner than I am.
He stole a dime from a beggar.
Do they allow atheists in church?
Please sing just the club theme.
Addition and subtraction are learned skills.
The morning dew on the spider web glistened in the sun.
We also spent a great deal of effort on making a demo version.
Challenge each general's intelligence.
A sleepy voice answered.
Envision a life you love.
Only the most accomplished artists obtain popularity.
We are open every Monday evening.
Artificial intelligence is for real.
Brush fires are common in the dry underbrush of Nevada.
Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions.
Are your grades higher or lower than Nancy's?
The mango and the papaya are in a bowl.
Rob sat by the pond and sketched the stray geese.
However, a boy's lively eyes might rove.
He believed that brave boys didn't cry.
We have also seen the power of faith at work among us.
Our entire economy will have a terrific uplift.
Yeah, seems so, don't it, the boy laughed, hugging her close.
The giant redwoods shimmered in the glistening sun.
Count the number of teaspoons of soysauce that you add.
The legislature met to judge the state of public education.
That pickpocket was caught red-handed.
The viewpoint overlooked the ocean.
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed.
Her right hand aches whenever the barometric pressure changes.
Neglect means spiritual paralysis or death.
A chosen few will become Generals.
Will Robin wear a yellow lily?
Once you finish greasing your chain, be sure to wash thoroughly.
These caged versions can be traded and sold.
But people need to be part of the equation.
We could barely see the fjords through the snow flurries.
The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media.
Policymakers usually take turns giving their view of the economy.
A skin mole is usually round or oval in shape and appears as a spot on the skin.
Students' choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary or whimsical.
In developing film, many toxic chemicals are used.
We got drenched from the uninterrupted rain.
She came back the other day to reassure me.
The dark, murky lagoon wound around for miles.
He may toss coins; he may take slips of paper from a grab bag.
As coauthors, we presented our new book to the haughty audience.
Also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals.
Psychologically the reception should be the climax, following the sermon.
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need.
The cat's meow always hurts my ears.
The singer's finger had a splinter.
His sudden departure shocked the cast.
How permanent are their records?
The fifth one wore a Prestige uniform.
The news agency hired a great journalist.
Coffee is grown on steep, jungle-like slopes in temperate zones.
Technical writers can abbreviate in bibliographies.
Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us.
A toothpaste tube should be squeezed from the bottom.
Bright sunshine shimmers on the ocean.
I've written so many versions of this conversation.
Most of us brush our teeth by hand.
Project development was proceeding too slowly.
There was typhoid and malaria.
The kid has no manners, boys.
The cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a milk pitcher.
Almost all colleges are now coeducational.
Many wealthy tycoons splurged and bought both a yacht and a schooner.
Critical equipment needs proper maintenance.
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure.
If necessary to replace both halves on grill, sear cuts and allot extra time.
Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough.
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life.
Theirs is a sacrificial life by earthly standards.
Does Creole cooking use curry?
Her wardrobe consists of only skirts and blouses.
The old shop adage still holds: a good mechanic is usually a bad boss.
Please take this dirty table cloth to the cleaners for me.
A good morrow to you, my boy.
The irate actor stomped away idiotically.
The civilian casualties would be staggering.
Would a tomboy often play outdoors?
The way that many of her decisions in relation to her child are taken away from her.
Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
Gwen planted green beans in her vegetable garden.
Only the best players enjoy popularity.
Bob bandaged both wounds with the skill of a doctor.
Tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound.
Seeds of soybean, cotton, corn, sesame, and rape yield semidrying oils.
Thirty-five they rode at a measured pace through the valley.
Dolphins are intelligent marine mammals.
My instructions desperately need updating.
The hood of the jeep was steaming in the hot sun.
Most precincts had a third of the votes counted.
For roasts, insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone.
I'll have a scoop of that exotic purple and turquoise sherbet.
Chip postponed alimony payments until the latest possible date.
The total of these three volumes is the final combustion chamber volume.
Roy ignored the spurious data points in drawing the graph.
Ease in any extra fullness evenly around.
Well, now we have two big theaters.
Barb's gold bracelet was a graduation present.
Did Shawn catch that big goose without help?
Trespassing is forbidden and subject to penalty.
But as the Legislature usually does, it ignored those cries of rationality.
Exboyfriend meet exhusband.
How did one join them?
Gus saw pine trees and redwoods on his walk through Sequoia National Forest.
His scalp was blistered from today's hot sun.
Maybe you and me will, girlie, but these two ain't goin' nowhere.
In simpler terms, it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction.
Good service should be rewarded by big tips.
To further his prestige, he occasionally reads the Wall Street Journal.
Will you please describe the idiotic predicament.
Later, we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally.
A huge power outage rarely occurs.
They all like long hot showers.
The visuals are cool.
You must explicitly delete files.
Catastrophic economic cutbacks neglect the poor.
The bristles are soft enough to massage the gums and not scratch the enamel.
Withdraw all phony accusations at once.
Straw hats are out of fashion this year.
Each untimely income loss coincided with the breakdown of a heating system part.
When peeling an orange, it is hard not to spray juice.
Where were you while we were away?
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds.
The avalanche triggered a minor earthquake.
The high security prison was surrounded by barbed wire.
This is taxation without representation.
The cranberry bog gets very pretty in Autumn.
If disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.
The carpet cleaners shampooed our oriental rug.
Alfalfa is healthy for you.
Soil redeposition is evaluated by washing clean swatches with the dirty ones.
Withdraw only as much money as you need.
Broil or toast as usual.
Whoever cooperates in finding Nan's cameo will be rewarded.
Allow leeway here, but rationalize all errors.
But this esoteric doctrine was lost in the shuffle to acquire special powers.
Move the garbage nearer to the large window.
Right now may not be the best time for business mergers.
The meeting is now adjourned.
The rich should invest in black zircons instead of stylish shoes.
Too many have bogged down in bickering.
It's hard to tell an original from a forgery.
The advertising verse of Plymouth Variety Store never changes.
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected.
To find the rest of story requires digging through federal lobbying disclosure records.
We think differently.
Anyhow, it was high time the boy was salted.
Few snakes are either this cool, or unusual.
Visually, these approximated what he was feeling within himself.
A roll of wire lay near the wall.
Cooperation along with understanding alleviate dispute.
They all agree that the essay is barely intelligible.
If abortion ends with persuasion and not by laws, praise God.
Usually, they titter loudly after they have passed by.
He will allow a rare lie.
To most of them it is probably a sexual perversion or a mental health issue.
How much allowance do you get?
The essay undeniably reflects our view ably.
Cyclical programs will never compile.
At twilight on the twelfth day we'll have Chablis.
Oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot.
Combine all the ingredients in a large bowl.
A note of awe came into his voice.
We saw eight tiny icicles below our roof.
The anti-slavery movement took many forms.
Children can consume many fruit candies in one sitting.
Gregory and Tom chose to watch cartoons in the afternoon.
While the draft declaration won't tip Murray's hand, he is facing a decision.
Too much curiosity can get you into trouble.
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion.
Obesity in children is measured differently from adults.
Help celebrate your brother's success.
Guess the question from the answer.
The cow wandered from the farmland and became lost.
Thyroid function tests yielded normal results.
Who took the kayak down the bayou?
Mom strongly dislikes appetizers.
Ducks have webbed feet and colorful feathers.
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated.
We apply auditory modeling to computer speech recognition.
Confusion became chaos; each succeeding day brought new acts of violence.
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather.
Why charge money for such garbage?
This, he added, brought about petty jealousies and petty personal grievances.
Why else would Danny allow others to go?
The rose corsage smelled sweet.
Tugboats are capable of hauling huge loads.
They then administer the ligand and make their measurements.
The annoying raccoons slipped into Phil's garden every night.
That dog chases cats mercilessly.
Be careful not to plow over the flower beds.
Rock-and-roll music has a great rhythm.
Solving the variables in the equation
Yet even that explosion did not mean much.
Greg buys fresh milk each weekday morning.
Weatherproof galoshes are very useful in Seattle.
Originals are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad.
The causeway ended abruptly at the shore.
I assume moisture will damage this ship's hull.
He spoke briefly, sensibly, to the point and without oratorical flourishes.
Why, said the teacher, art thou so late?
Every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy.
December and January are nice months to spend in Miami.
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours.
Elderly people are often excluded.
Sulphur, oil, and copra make the kind of tinder any firebug dreams of.
Don't look for group valuables in a bank vault.
Serve the coleslaw after I add the oil.
Bagpipes and bongos are musical instruments.
The new birth is immediate and instantaneous.
That regime change was on the table.
Doctors prescribe drugs too freely.
The new suburbanites worked hard on refurbishing their older home.
The big dog loved to chew on the old rag doll.
The hallway opens into a huge chamber.
Jeff's toy go-cart never worked!
The haunted house was a hit due to outstanding audio-visual effects.
Her auburn hair reminded him of autumn leaves.
Aim to balance your employee benefit package.
According to Hannah, she has not made a decision about the second step.
Nobody else showed pleasure.
How many horses and on what occasion?
Increased graphics resolutions and new visual effects.
Last year's gas shortage caused steep price increases.
But something even more unusual was happening.
Encyclopedias seldom present anecdotal evidence.
He is not talking in the main about probabilities, risks and danger in general.
Biologists use radioactive isotopes to study microorganisms.
Masquerade parties tax one's imagination.
Special task forces rescue hostages from kidnappers.
The willowy woman wore a muskrat coat.
Bloomberg said it focused on activity in at least five Asian countries.
A second point requires more extended comment.
May I order a strawberry sundae after I eat dinner?
This brochure is particularly informative for a prospective buyer.
Get a calico cat to keep.
According to my interpretation of the problem, two lines must be perpendicular.
The groundhog clearly saw his shadow, but stayed out only a moment.
Tim takes Sheila to see movies twice a week.
A huge tapestry hung in her hallway.
Publicity and notoriety go hand in hand.
The straight line would symbolize its uniqueness, the circle its universality.
Are holiday aprons available to us?
In the long run, it pays to buy quality clothing.
You're not living up to your own principles, she told my discouraged people.
Porcupines resemble sea urchins.
The lack of heat compounded the tenant's grievances.
In most cases, these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action.
Did you eat yet?
Tofu is made from processed soybeans.
Bob found more clams at the ocean's edge.
"Steam baths" writes: do steam baths have any health value?
We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age.
They often go out in the evening.
Iris thinks this zoo has eleven Spanish zebras.
Bake slowly at least one-half hour longer.
It is the second organisation to have spoken out against the decision.
Trish saw hours and hours of movies Saturday.
Would you allow acts of violence?
In many of his poems, death comes by train: a strongly evocative visual image.
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood.
The reason we have taken this decision is mainly but not only financial.
I just saw Jim near the new archeological museum.
I'd ride the subway, but I haven't enough change.
The proof that you are seeking is not available in books.
Massage into hair and comb through evenly with fingers.
The inversion position itself could exacerbate your condition or cause further injury
Basketball can be an entertaining sport.
They assume no burglar will ever enter here.
A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet.
You're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize.
Michael colored the bedroom wall with crayons.
Cheap stockings run the first time they're worn.
Any contributions will be greatly appreciated.
Gently place Jim's foam sculpture in the box.
These exclusive documents must be locked up at all times.
She slipped and sprained her ankle on the steep slope.
For sweet-sour sauce, cook onion in oil until soft.
The sermon emphasized the need for affirmative action.
Boy, you're stirrin early, a sleepy voice said.
There is one other measure that we have suggested which is still under discussion.
That last one was a split decision.
The wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre.
A nearby major road is usually enough.
By one measure, the largest river system in Canada is one few Canadians will ever see.
Even I occasionally get the Monday blues!
Etiquette mandates compliance with existing regulations.
Cut a small corner off each edge.
So, if anybody solicits by phone, make sure you mail the dough to the above.
Viking weapons have also be found occasionally in rivers and wetland contexts.
Top zinnias rarely have crooked stems.
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl.
Ambidextrous pickpockets accomplish more.
The moment of truth is the moment of crisis.
Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby.
Carl lives in a lively home.
Since a fall or blow might have caused it, a cold pack was usually first aid.
Men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code.
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities.
The diagnosis was discouraging; however, he was not overly worried.
In every major cloverleaf, traffic sometimes gets backed up.
The overweight charmer could slip poison into anyone's tea.
Personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and, in turn, the voice as well.
Is fusion not involved in the development of mobile wallets?
Ralph controlled the stopwatch from the bleachers.
Often you'll get back more than you put in.
Your voice is delightful, he approved with a warm smile.
The jaw operates by using antagonistic muscles.
The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume.
Upgrade your status to reflect your wealth.
Everything went real smooth, the sheriff said.
Diane may splurge and buy a turquoise necklace.
Where do you put the lighter fluid, ha, ha?
Wine glass heels are to be found in both high and semi-heights.
The prowler wore a ski mask for disguise.
Which long article was opaque and needed clarification?
I honor my mom.
There was a gigantic wasp next to Irving's big top hat.
If a new version of a file breaks the system, getting the previous one back is easy.
He said he has never regretted the decision.
Make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface.
The angry boy answered but didn't look up.
A large household needs lots of appliances.
The football team coach has a watch thin as a dime.
The Mayan neoclassic scholar disappeared while surveying ancient ruins.
Do avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them.
Can the agency overthrow alien forces?
County officials have cooperated consistently.
Family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations.
The patient and the surgeon are both recuperating from the lengthy operation.
Small biotech companies usually shoulder the risk of developing new drugs.
The cartoon features a muskrat and a tadpole.
Fools, he bayed, what do you think you are doing?
Shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first?
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Smash lightbulbs and their cash value will diminish to nothing.
Although always alone, we survive.
A non-contributory plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he retires.
A big goat idly ambled through the farmyard.
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business.
They could walk, ride on a bus or be driven.
Barb burned paper and leaves in a big bonfire.
Al received a joint appointment in the biology and the engineering departments.
Quietly he determined to foil her.
The conclusion of the story will be printed in the graphic novel release.
Some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope.
Do you have the yellow ointment ready?
He shrugged casually.
The state subsequently appealed the District Court decision to the Nevada Supreme Court.
He ate four extra eggs for breakfast.
Here's a brief visual tour of the disaster.
He had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature.
I took her word for it, but is she really going with you?
If Carol comes tomorrow, have her arrange for a meeting at two.
You too were a stupid jackass until you poisoned me.
It's not easy to create illuminating examples.
Remove the splinter with a pair of tweezers.
This possibility is anything but reassuring.
She wore warm, fleecy, woolen overalls.
The sound of Jennifer's bugle scared the antelope.
The preschooler couldn't verbalize her feelings about the emergency conditions.
Some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town.
Orange juice tastes funny after toothpaste.
We plan to build a new beverage plant.
Both cars were slightly damaged.
Vietnamese cuisine is exquisite.
Calcium makes bones and teeth strong.
Kindergarten children decorate their classrooms for all holidays.
The taxicab broke down and caused a traffic jam.
Diversity and inclusion help us achieve our purpose.
A tiny handful never did make the concert.
Unfortunately, there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower.
Young children should avoid exposure to contagious diseases.
Cement is measured in cubic yards.
Mollusks are a case in point.
I know I didn't meet her early enough.
Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts.
We'll work for our keep, the boy said eagerly.
Promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho.
Medieval society was based on hierarchies.
Spherical gifts are difficult to wrap.
The system may break down soon, so save your files frequently.
The courier was a dwarf.
Clever light songs were overly coy, tragic songs a little too melodramatic.
Correct execution of my instructions is crucial.
Military personnel are expected to obey government orders.
The misprint provoked an immediate disclaimer.
Aluminum silverware can often be flimsy.
Planned parenthood organizations promote birth control.
In some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality.
The coyote, bobcat, and hyena are wild animals.
Clasp the screw in your left hand.
Amoebas change shape constantly.
There are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence.
Casual English language learners are not much interested in academic writing.
Each stag surely finds a big fawn.
They used an aggressive policeman to flag thoughtless motorists.
Even a simple vocabulary contains symbols.
I am an artist, lost in my own vision.
Nothing is as offensive as innocence.
Continental drift is a geological theory.
I itemize all accounts in my agency.
Pledge to participate in Nevada's aquatic competition.
The gunman kept his victim cornered at gunpoint for three hours.
Only lawyers love millionaires.
A young mouse scampered across the field and disappeared.
How would you evaluate this algebraic expression?
The Boston Ballet overcame their funding shortage.
By eating yogurt, you may live longer.
Does Hindu ideology honor cows?
On some occasions a chase would ensue, but more often than not they got away.
This case is the catalyst for what will undoubtedly be reform measures.
Cory attacked the project with extra determination.
This girl soon drops the bourgeois psychiatrist who disapproves of her life.
Irish youngsters eat fresh kippers for breakfast.
Please dig my potatoes up before frost.
The water contained too much chlorine and stung his eyes.
Tornados often destroy acres of farm land.
All that time rifle barrels were pointing unwaveringly at his head and body.
But that logic depends entirely on the plausibility of the British version of events.
So now we can add this measure to our visualization to make a comparison.
The surplus shoes were sold at a discount price.
Try to deduce the design decisions of the authors from this list.
Chicago has been making bad political decisions long before Trump became president.
But such cases were, in the past, unusual.
Alice's ability to work without supervision is noteworthy.
Women may never become completely equal to men.
Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
He moistened his lips uneasily.
And you think you have language problems.
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge.
Though brief, it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy.
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used.
Young people participate in athletic activities.
We like bleu cheese but Victor prefers swiss cheese.
This theory eventually proved inexact.
As if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them.
Whatever their faults, they are not hypocrites.
Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already.
Why not try another club?
The previous speaker presented ambiguous results.
He gazed away from us as we approached.
Why pick me for your patsy?
Most assuredly ideas are invaluable.
He recognized his jacket and trousers.
The guerrilla bivouac remained silent.
Can't seem to locate landmarks in this snow.
You came well equipped to die.
We always thought we would die with our boots on.
The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone.
Then came coconuts, eggs, and rice wine.
Maybe they already got them.
Beauty is usually seen as a blessing.
To hold 'em in a compact mass was close herdin'.
I don't care if you quote me at this point.
They were already swollen to bursting.
So how did they get to this point?
Occasionally they have to rent a delivery van.
Lift, don't shove; lift.
Hello, anyone at home?
He avoided pledging to go that far.
With each song he gave verbal footnotes.
There is little point in playing the blame game.
You can build this vacation cottage yourself.
But his resolution hardly seemed to help.
Neither acknowledged the gift.
You are right now, buddy.
No return address whatsoever.
She was so beautiful, so valiant, so pitiable.
He's got to thaw slow.
It sounded silly; why go on?
In two cases, airplanes only were indicated.
The gorgeous butterfly ate a lot of nectar.
An English version is also due out in Asia.
They also have voices that deserve to be heard.
Yes, sir, she said, is that definite?
Feed pressure is also of major importance.
My mother never wops me.
They're easier to shade there.
Anyway, it was evident what he had in mind.
They are both trend-following methods.
A large piece of engine cowling vanished.
Hope you enjoyed the read.
A woman met a famous author at a literary tea.
Stake me, she said, and let me at those dice.
To put it bluntly, you are getting out-moded.
Then the telephoning began.
He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw.
Does this make it any easier, coward?
He did not mind the useless, kindly questions.
Do you know what they think of me?
He needs outfielders bad.
Nurses' training here doesn't cost anything.
No temptation, no virtue?
The instinct of discipline has been lost.
Now he'll choke for sure.
Maybe some other day.
Splendor by sorcery: it's a horror.
He sank back, sighing, and was soon asleep again.
My dress needs some work on it.
Old people have their idiosyncrasies.
A pool is no place for a shut trap.
One even gave my little dog a biscuit.
All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over.
Production may fall far below expectations.
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist.
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice.
We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck.
A quick touchdown resulted.
Stoneware clay for tiles.
If the farm is rented, the rent must be paid.
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing.
Thank you, she said, dusting herself off.
He praises many individuals generously.
She sounded as though they already existed.
This birth length seems to be typical.
As we ate, we talked.
He picked up the powder canister and ran out.
You mean a game with cards?
He had never felt particularly close to her.
Part collie, part wire-haired terrier.
This has been a turning point in the conflict.
A new order is thrusting itself into being.
One validated acts of school districts.
But the attack was made from an advance copy.
Give me your machine gun ammo.
Well, there are other things to do right now.
They neither gained nor fell back.
He joins us from Maryland.
They don't go for bull-like muscle, as a rule.
On the bare floorboards a man lay face down.
It was not, whatever tale was told by tails.
His comrades were all dead.
Adequate compensation is indispensable.
The eye is all, inward or outward.
Someone reasonably trustworthy.
Or the bay of female dogs in heat.
Encourage them to exercise their benefits.
My father ran him off here six years ago.
The team says that decision is up to him.
How's it strike you, foul or fair?
The system works as an impersonal mechanism.
Such an animal was said to be mealynosed.
Who told you to do it?
The boost is helpful but inadequate.
His body pitched back and forth on the bench.
Drunkenness was no longer tolerated.
The soft snow was deceitful underfoot.
You're a taxpayer, householder, landlord.
As such it acts as an anchor for the people.
It was awkward: very awkward.
Yes, ma'am, the children chorused heartily.
This coat looks like a rag heap.
Prepare to be disappointed.
People need more choices.
The feet wore army shoes, in obvious disrepair.
It was muscular but it wasn't symmetrical.
Yeah, but what're we gonna eat?
But then he was asked if he was disappointed.
But is this a fair conclusion?
They had come not to admire but to observe.
Regulative norms governing subgroups and roles.
One person's trash is another's treasure.
They took it away, overalls or something.
Ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing.
He thought he saw a pale face at a window.
Don't forget whiskey; it's such a big seller.
They understood and teased me a bit about it.
Like his glossy black hair.
The record teems with romance and adventure.
It took him a long time to compose himself.
He makes me uncomfortable.
We can die, too, we can die like real people.
Oh, the time of death.
When they got home at midnight she was tired out.
I'm sorry but I shall have to search this house.
Resistance thermometers.
Bury those uniforms so they won't be found.
Very austere yet racy.
Guerrillas were racing toward him.
Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one.
Neither better nor worse.
We have to wage war on the television screen.
But that heritage is shrinking even faster.
Set aside to dry thoroughly.
No evidence for any collusion.
She asked smolderingly.
You've got no business up here.
But there is a larger point here.
Leave me your address.
No, he didn't know of any handyman-carpenter.
Confabulation has come to determine structure.
A long, long way down.
A second assistant mopped with two sponges.
The redcoats ran like rabbits.
He's got the voice of an angel.
They find deep pessimism in them.
This is the atomic sun, the atomic nucleus.
"He's loyal, he's honest, he's just a good man.
Did he ever visit here when he was a kid?
Range was a vital detail.
No one will even suspect that it is your work.
When shed, they leave rust marks.
Nora, I think you imagine it.
At least, the wheels dug in.
Another point for exposure therapy.
His salary had reached the ten thousand mark.
Now don't shut this door.
It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet.
He met nobody he knew on this walk.
Others invoked technology and common sense.
Am I the one who is delusional?
He drew a deep breath.
Why ain't you playin' ball?
Strap in and enjoy the ride!
The photochemical exchange in the gas phase.
I've got to bathe my feet.
But she didn't have a choice.
Unfortunately we tend to make these equations.
The bluejay flew over the high building.
A boring novel is a superb sleeping pill.
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit.
Enjoy the game.
Or: does he get exercise?
Well, then who brought it?
Her study of history was persistently pursued.
This was the decision I was going to make.
As she drove, she thought about her plan.
He had collared one of his generals in public.
Joking stopped and everyone gathered around.
They were chasing a rain cloud.
A foolish thought came into his head.
Is his appetite improved?
Where were they now?
Before much longer the marine quieted down.
Drug's chemical name: procaine penicillin.
We're going someplace.
They polished the windshield.
I was making my decision.
Are you underwriting expensive team trips?
The car door crashed shut.
Where're you takin' me?
The ramifications of the issue are enormous.
What about a tea room, then?
Why lacerate the -- congregation?
We never boiled it but once and then drain it.
Not when I was a kid!
Oh, you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first.
It motivates his behavior.
Read the Vietnamese version here.
His head came up and he said it defiantly.
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away.
Are you a thrower of flame, marine?
Hey, come back, he shouted.
Let all projects dry slowly for several days.
It was nobody's fault.
Suddenly my reflexes are gone.
But in this one section we welcomed auditors.
Now he's bought it, said my wife contentedly.
Ballets were used in opera from its beginning.
Now the school was indeed bereft.
How long would it be occupied?
Land-based radar would help with this task.
Their curiosity went happily out of bounds.
Do you always navigate like this?
You don't eat enough, honey.
We would establish no censorship.
He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain.
This is particularly true in site selection.
I fool them with my voice.
We can get it if we dig, he said patiently.
People of all backgrounds agree on this point.
My voice was barely working.
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer.
It is a big project, not to be taken lightly.
She'd also remember if the groom died later.
In fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
I really hope you enjoy the game!
At the time, the boy was four years old.
That brings its per-year cost down mighty low.
It helps those people who help themselves.
Then I heard a very loud explosion.
The pulsing glow of a cigarette.
Why do we need bigger and better bombs?
At least at some point in the future.
The trial balloons are afloat.
Not when she'd waited so long already.
The decision was booed heartily by the crowd.
Just drop notices in any suggestion box.
Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more.
Perhaps things were even worse then.
He brought her shawls.
It's an old boys club, and it's a bubble.
You see, she's on a diet.
Nevertheless it's true.
Enjoy what you're reading?
Have they inherited some money or something?
They went downstairs, loaded a tray lavishly.
They are also honest seekers after truth.
How about me trying to help her get her job back?
There's still such a thing as mental illness.
It might hurt you, though.
He earnestly urged a cease-fire.
Consumers are left with fewer choices.
The surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons.
Noise pollution is a growing problem in America.
Let's hope we come to a safer place.
Oh -- we managed, she said.
That would make him mad enough if he was sober.
Could it do otherwise?
Teacher assignment in order to desegregate.
Surely there is nothing new about communism.
Let's take 'em home.
Like enough we'll all be up on top by sundown.
Ten others made no reply.
Who wants this deed done?
Named after the ballet.
Do this exercise six times each class period.
I have no confusion in my mind about that.
Read the full disclosure here.
Why Nora, the very idea!
Don't do Charlie's dirty dishes.
Necessary retouching was put on at once.
Keep the thermometer under your tongue!
Enjoy the book.
Now forget all this other.
The hotel owner shrugged.
The clerk's eyes flickered.
None should ask less.
Origin of state automobile practices.
A new idea drifted in from nowhere.
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill.
More, he could take at leisure.
Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits.
Self's integrity was and is and ever had been.
What is the biggest concern at this point?
We draw two main conclusions from these facts.
However, that's not usually the case.
They used pink, tan, or cream powder.
His sweet whisper came after great effort.
This means either cars or trucks.
Soon the office work claimed all her time.
Usually the attribute is accessed.
He'll shoot up the town.
Her cough sounded like cloth ripping.
Her hum became a gurgle of surprise.
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt.
This is not a program of socialized medicine.
He swung up over the wheel.
Naturally curly hair runs in my family.
Yet they thrived on it.
Atomic energy levels.
Fill small hole in bowl with clay.
You don't belong in professional baseball.
He had plunged into the dark woods beyond.
Two other cases also were under advisement.
Two things contribute to his popularity.
When suitably lighted, what would it look like?
The room looked normal and even commonplace.
Be excited and don't identify yourself.
Then the choreographer must arbitrate.
Accident, murder, suicide -- take your pick.
Were the translated versions better?
Honey is the only food that does not spoil.
Youngsters love common candy as treats.
These men were without capital or experience.
The cowboy called this breed of cattle magpies.
He leaves us no choice but to act.
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed.
He might say or do something foolish.
Eight field guns were captured in position.
She overplayed her hand.
My dad did it, and he lived to a great age.
We all joined in.
Eyes like hot honey, eyes that sizzled.
This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense.
Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups.
Shivering, he put on his clothes.
Nice, even if a trifle gaudy.
A helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter.
He ignores guidebook facts.
You would drive us into shame, he declared.
This tool can also be made with a lathe.
Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether?
Not surprisingly, this approach did not work.
Only then did he decide he didn't want one.
The lady's eyes, unmagnified, bugged out.
He finds it in utter misery and desolation.
The federal cabinet makes the final decision.
That's your headache.
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches.
The air smelled warmish and foul.
Fuss, fuss, old man.
Oh, shucks, the girl said.
This is fusion as liberation.
Either that or a veterinarian.
Keep enough provision for contingency.
Swing your arm as high as you can.
Take care of yourself then.
The courtyard is magnificently decorated.
I made a decision.
Just what is meant by spirit and by matter?
And possessed himself -- how?
Religion thus becomes integrated with life.
I hope you enjoy this recipe!
Okay, take the tray.
That'll be plenty to eat by.
Why single me out on this permit deal?
But what if somebody decides to break it?
They pointed to a number of reasons.
It's a very, very disappointing day.
We've done our part.
They were shattered.
There is point A and point B.
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now.
All three must compare notes and agree to go.
Here I am just about to make a bad decision.
His work began just six days after the flood.
Gyrocompass heading.
One thing, he thought, nobody knows about it yet.
Our campus, unfortunately, owns no films.
Yes, ma'am, it sure was.
Jane may earn more money by working hard.
Dogs did something to one's ego.
Change involves the displacement of form.
Why should this suddenly assail her?
Have we not actually developed idea worship?
Got a heck of a buy on this, dirt cheap.
He was, thus, an early and spectacular victim.
He felt a good deal less shaky.
Next, the hen was nested and all seemed well.
This is the key point.
That's where device quackery can lead.
Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs.
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him.
Rough cloth rasped his fist.
And so he walked, aimless again.
Livestock must be tended every day, routinely.
At law school, the same.
You lucky kids, he said.
Don't lose the chuck key.
Thoroughly wised up.
Hope you enjoy!
The figure five is important in insurance.
A third volume remains to be published.
The situation involved some political perils.
You shall see her at dinner.
Add things as you find you need 'em.
Look, sweetheart, some fool was.
She asked with a reportorial gleam in her eye.
It is the same ole same, tell me its name.
From childhood he had known all about knives.
I do hope you enjoy it.
You need answers to four important questions.
Milk appears twice a day.
Why, he's going to kill me, he thought wildly.
George is paranoid about a future gas shortage.
Have you got our keys handy?
You don't hate me any more?
They serve cracked wheat, oats or cornmeal.
A fabulous vision.
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach.
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces.
Avoid using public networks.
Another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis.
They had slapped their thighs.
Drug's chemical name: dried rumen bacteria.
They make us conformists look good.
Nor were his manners barbaric.
The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked.
It was a grotesque hen, five or six feet tall.
Why should this be so?
Time and space have both become cinematic.
Maybe twenty, thirty, fifty.
Each of us had his own specialty besides.
Keep the message short and to the point.
Oh yes, he'd talked about doing so.
The cloudburst cut off abruptly.
Does this bother you?
This we can sympathetically understand.
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much?
His eyes burned feverishly.
What it does: stimulates rumen activity.
Then fill the system and add a rust inhibitor.
I think it is the greatest show on television.
He made smart decisions.
It is awe-inspiring.
But she knew she'd have a decision to make soon.
The paper boy bought two apples and three ices.
But why pay her bills?
You'll have to try it alone.
Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week.
You don't hafta get nasty.
After that, violence was exultantly easy.
He may try to phone us.
You were in a hurry, weren't you?
We're here to transact business.
Fights sprang up and were quickly squelched.
You want to avoid this at all costs.
Little geeing and hawing have been necessary.
People never live forever.
He'd not only told me so, he'd proved it.
There was also a dog, a dingo dog.
This does not allow the mystery to invade us.
You're having a miserable time, aren't you?
For a moment he felt like a thief discovered.
Twenty-five, the sheik replied.
He remembered a story he had read as a youth.
On these they feel they can rely.
The two artists exchanged autographs.
"Virus infection nothing!", she'd scream at him.
Later, you shall know it better.
Then we'd really have someplace to go.
The side ones are a half-inch narrower.
Biblical scholars argue history.
Then off again, rushing to keep up.
Attaching visuals to the controllers.
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet.
She can decrease the number of temptations.
Merely to satisfy the author's curiosity.
This will prevent flat falls and toe injuries.
A bullet, she answered.
Oval face without an expression in the world.
Suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic.
Bring me the firecrackers.
It's illegal to postdate a check.
What explains this uni-directional paralysis?
Tragedy presumes such a configuration.
The body was heavier than he had anticipated.
Maybe today'll be a good-news day.
There's no chance now of all of us getting away.
Now here is truly a marvel.
Twelve o'clock level.
Object -- a village crossroads.
He scowled at her flowers.
The humor of the situation can be imagined.
He snatched at it savagely.
Are you a fan of the horror genre in general?
He was full of heavy family reminiscence.
Industry interest in safety goes even farther.
So would radar picket ships.
Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal?
Stimulating discussions keep students' attention.
Those lovely whorls, he chortled.
He swung in through his own wide gateway.
So, he understood her panic.
Me, he said merrily.
How on earth do you manage it?
At the end of the day, the choice is yours.
Put the butcher block table in the garage.
Honey, he whispered.
How's your luck, honey?
How do oysters make pearls?
Cows givin' no milk were knowed as strippers.
He kissed her also, and with deep tenderness.
Thomas thinks a larger clamp solves the problem.
The red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound.
Weakness in leadership.
They had chosen this night purposely.
The fog prevented them from arriving on time.
Suppose what's-his-name got a sunburn?
It all seemed rather hopeless.
He advised immediate hospitalization.
Oh, no, not again, he said aloud.
But that explanation is only partly true.
This is especially true for knitted fabrics.
He travelled all over the world.
The tale, he thought, would become less gay.
Let's not wait for it to get to that point.
Another snarled close overhead.
Not immediately, as the deputy demanded.
Make it come off all right.
As a rule, part-time farmers hire little help.
A rabbit punch redoubled him.
Who is going to stop me?
Enjoy science with the whole family.
Many shapes in bathtubs.
Fiddles screeched; a piano tinkled.
Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors.
False ideas surfeit another sector of our life.
Nick has great vision.
She must have put his clothes in the closet.
The data are presented in lists and tables.
Go change your shoes before you turn around.
And then, a barrage of hypotheticals began.
Bring to a boil over a high flame.
Such optimism was completely unjustified.
Careful, don't disturb her.
Who do you want to see join the battle?
It's impossible to deal with bureaucracy.
That was part of our aversion to it initially.
Mix well and let the curry come to a boil.
Their privations are almost beyond endurance.
Something pulled my leg.
The shadow vanished.
What outfit does she drive for?
The master's hand has lost none of its craft.
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new.
An earlier version of this story appears below.
But it did print good verse and good fiction.
Consider couples visiting an art museum.
It provides a frame for the sampling census.
Of course you can have another tunafish sandwich.
Each is still glorified as a national hero.
A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor.
Deep enough, he decided.
Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream.
Snakes are ugly, he said again.
The great black leopards.
Increasing tempo of new product development.
Use deductible insurance wherever feasible.
Left mine many a time, only she never knew it.
May I go and get Cassandra, Momma?
What targets have we successfully knocked out?
Avoid Traveling in rush hour.
So what's this all about?
The third crawling man forced himself erect.
And Nathan, did he see them too?
Whatever you tell him he will dive.
Strength began to zip up and down his chest.
Toss a die until an ace appears.
Suppose you tell me the real reason, he drawled.
Now the hope was gone.
When all else fails, use force.
Contrast trim provides other touches of color.
Aw, shut up, he said.
I hope you guys have enjoyed this post!
How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm?
Summertime supper, outside, is a natural.
So how do you avoid these problems?
To honor him is to honor ourselves.
Y'all wanna walk -- walk, he said.
They should really be outlawed.
I'm home with the children.
Architectural Vision.
A deployment.
I certainly wouldn't be loyal.
That's why you want to join.
He left the chips.
Their seasons are switched.
I don't think they're conscious of it.
Right in the middle of the back.
Well we moved in.
He was selling agricultural fertilizer.
That's the only pollution that's been there.
she used to love to do stuff like that.
Only in some cases, local anesthesia is applied.
He is a prosecuting attorney.
He kept picking at it.
We were from the North.
Taxes especially.
That's kind of like today.
Well normally when we go on vacation we go home.
I think there's been like six or seven of them.
He said that he would enjoy.
I do have friends who have tried to do more.
They called nuclear winner.
How to implement it in decision tree?
It helps if you leave the pit in it.
There's nothing new in the shop.
You know some of that.
And that's all of it.
I read the daily newspaper.
Your questions were heard.
How did it influence them?
The shale oil industry will die.
Outside the building it's not bad.
I think that you know.
It depends on whether one is physical or mental.
The early republican.
We do get many days off.
Get on the ski lift.
Oranges for the royal family.
It was very timely.
That's what they look like.
That worked out very nicely too.
Two weeks ago.
Extra points.
Actually I didn't go diving.
Nobody remembers him as a loser.
Beware of minor spoilers though.
And I was sitting there.
I visited once or twice.
We 'll hopefully get to talk again.
The help there does it.
Their's was so bad.
Somehow along the way.
But I know that it's important.
It would be much more convenient.
Graduate assistant teacher.
He paid them his royalties every time.
I'm not sure about him this year.
You should be sharing your family.
And I've had two cornea transplants.
You think that's what it was.
You can't hold it there until it's dried.
I wouldn't mind having one.
Avoid third party apps.
So I went through it.
That's pretty average to me.
Then they 'll consider his loyalty.
Do you think Russia's still a threat?
She stretched in front of the treadmills.
It's a quick growing industry.
Burials usually happen during the morning.
When they graduate.
Man robbed at gunpoint while walking home.
They asked us to bundle our newspapers.
I feel that the child is healthy.
Troops will deploy nearby.
They're so many more.
They went into the promise land.
The difference there is huge.
Join today.
They spend a long time on sports.
And it was placed in an actual safe.
You just have less variety.
I hadn't thought about that.
In the background.
The whole Middle East is in turmoil.
Explore before you exploit.
The young girl.
That's one view.
Experience in the courtroom.
The materials were sold at a high cost.
I really try to watch what they watch.
Don't you have to do it as part of its decision?
It's nice to get a refund.
We should support each other.
I don't know if they do or not.
We're smarter now.
I'm really into graphics.
I was just thinking of that.
Social distancing measures are in place.
That is fabulous.
Join us for an upcoming event.
Real rough type camping.
I've done maybe four or five.
That might help a little bit.
We'll leave when he comes home.
It was pretty wild.
That's something to do.
They take it out of your salary before taxes.
In some of the critical things.
I would kind of like to go.
And so their water comes out.
Do you like the classics?
And it's time to get rid of them.
He told us to get inside our car.
If it's not automatic.
I was born in nineteen hundred sixty nine.
He doesn't really enjoy doing it.
There really wasn't a lot of difference.
But at my brothers I tried it.
He published a paper.
I guess we have to get back to hobbies.
If that's okay with you.
I'm a real movie buff.
Most of them were on social security.
If they want it they 'll get it.
I never got into them.
Twelve week old baby.
This is a very appropriate topic.
Children are so full of energy.
I think he got a real good deal.
Enjoy the bat.
Exploiting stereotypes of academics.
Do you see that hospital over there?
That's what I've seen.
My mother always sewed.
It doesn't look like much.
Long term planning.
They can be selective.
And that's kind of the way I was raised.
That bothered me.
It's just a whole different idea.
It's just my favorite.
The people I know are from there.
So who do you thinks going to win the playoffs.
I didn't know what they were talking about.
It depends upon the individual.
You 'll still see people.
It's not all that common.
They're pretty forgiving.
He's going to the grocery store.
It was a hung jury.
This is a little container.
I think it's like once a month.
A great number of people work on Sundays.
I don't think they have that on anymore.
I shouldn't have even qualified to get it.
You got to be your child's best friend.
I still have see that.
I can still read music if I'm lucky.
Very high markups.
Really well regulated.
They've got all the American.
I had two kids in the hospital in July.
And then you throw in kids that are not motivated.
Reports of a home invasion.
I'm not too welcome around those parts.
When I make eggs for myself.
The jail still employs no medical staff.
Four or five months ago.
I'm in favor of national health.
And this gets back to capital punishment.
The teenager is well adjusted and enjoys going to see her friends.
And I 'll have headache and everything.
He cleaned up my mess.
Eat for thirty dollars.
I think we're all contributors.
I am an American or whatever.
It does the things I need for it to do.
More than two years ago.
There is a food grade version.
It's a nightmare.
You probably have a different sense than I have.
It really is and we're all heading that way.
I don't mind watching subtitle movies.
Then again, I originally was from California.
It's going to continue.
Because I've heard about the many abuses.
The couple wanted to take a trip overseas.
I think that that's been proven in the fact.
I now have grandchildren.
Especially when you get done.
They can if they want to.
Insurance companies.
I guess I never heard the history of that.
My favorite spots.
American car.
She'll even tell her friends.
First we make a class for a decision stump.
They actively avoided doing it.
And I enjoyed my guns.
You don't have as much time.
What is your treasure?
That's what I mean.
Let me run in here.
Dependency inversion principle.
I watch that a couple of times a week.
I've quit doing that myself.
Central bank decisions are due out.
you bag your own groceries.
She's got some really nice flower beds.
It's our first home.
Lower division player of the tournament.
I would love to see them.
Basic credit cards.
Go and recycle the rest.
To live on and we got to take care of it.
They're getting votes.
It is really scary.
I don't really care that much for the trout.
Is good for both of them.
I think those kinds of things.
Or what's even worse?
Yeah she likes to watch football.
Some of the experiments fail.
That will be fun if you have.
Is his life better off under communism?
My little girl likes blue more than pink.
Got into it when I was young.
Do we have enough?
Rifles aren't too bad.
I just thought he was really inept.
And no television at all.
The carpet cleaning companies.
And it really scared me.
You actually hand quilted it yourself.
And they do group things.
I've changed my views.
I don't know if they won very many games.
The only legitimate paper.
The job I had before.
It's what they call pecan.
That's good isn't it.
Did you see Pacific Heights?
Whatever it was.
I took one lesson one other time.
We don't have anything right now.
You're knowledgeable on that.
I was doing them a favor.
In tin foil and match boxes.
What kind of stuff would they enjoy.
I would not have been fulfilled.
I know we've had this one lady that was attacked.
I have a long experience with cars.
That will be something.
Maybe it's making an impact.
How the war was going to go.
Someone said that was a lot of fun to go do.
Generally it does work out that way.
I did a lot of talking with friends.
Some cousins I hadn't seen in a long time.
Let's take him home.
You always look for things with leisure.
Join the gang.
There's a lot of housing.
The Detroit Lions.
Take off and leave your group and go explore.
There's a point of over kill.
It's a real tough problem.
I think the biggest difficulty is vision.
That's what it takes.
Measured approach.
They have just now taken up division.
The engine's in excellent shape.
Is that what that was.
Oh how does he do serious gig?
I think I pay about two thousand monthly.
There's lots of fun places to see.
Use that whenever the opportune moment arises.
Record heat baked Asia and the Arctic.
We've enjoyed it.
I was raised around guns.
I don't want to carry money around.
Key points from the men's report.
Just a little white frame house.
They have built up one mountain.
Some comments on design choices.
People donate more money.
Invasion of Burma.
Those people want that kind of support.
Mostly in raised beds so we could keep the deer out.
I thought that was your line.
Well it's called seafood stew.
The white collar flu.
Definitely more to look at.
Sanity testing is usually carried out manually.
Hawaii is my favorite.
It's only like eleven hundred square feet.
Sensor fusion.
But they're the things that don't show up.
The younger one is a boy.
They tried to make the cop look out.
Music and some of these things do help.
I will start doing it well.
That's too bad.
I'm glad it's there.
My dad would take us.
We came from living in a condo for nine years.
And I think that's what I didn't like.
If you look all over in the other countries.
I 'll pick out something.
I'm not surprised.
He was put in the garage.
The cleaned version is given below.
And that's what he said.
Be it through different organizations.
And these people are the same as you are.
Friends in and around may join.
Common problems and areas of confusion.
Embracing or avoiding distraction.
So I have no idea what they look like.
Not every game sets out to make a point.
What do you think can be done about that?
The cradle of Detroit law.
Trucks are built extra sturdy.
An automatic handgun.
I forgot we had to hit one.
It kept track of what they did.
We have about ten acres.
What city are you calling from.
We've been talking for a little bit.
I've probably heard him.
Rats mice problems in car garages.
Everybody has to pay for it indirectly eventually.
They do not do uniforms.
The friendship is more important.
But it served our needs.
So he's a fan of history.
It's funny I was ready.
Which is a good deal?
They assign you a topic.
That's their signal.
I always found a fan.
This is one of the more established neighborhoods.
They're on the rainy side.
Not that I've been aware of.
Something that the ordinary person can.
They can get away.
I can't quite remember the name of the book.
You're close to the subject.
We're a pretty small town.
Analytics and visualization.
And the people did rejoice.
They've got an interesting lead story.
Translate into something.
He didn't even tell us.
The employee has a certified handgun license.
Other than the fact that we encountered some.
One of my favorite things.
And they don't ever plan it.
So many of them are done so poorly.
Instead of a scholar you get a musician.
It must have been sort of interesting to us.
Want to know how my boys like to use hot sauce?
Didn't get that far.
In any situation, he maintains his composure.
The store will pay for it.
Prince of Persia.
Depending on its moisture content.
Teachers union contract provisions questioned.
If I absolutely had to have something.
I guess it makes a difference.
Right now I'm in sort of a weird situation.
Not everybody has a picture perfect body.
Environmental engineering.
Visual effects artist.
They put it out in a video.
I do go on a lot of hazardous waste sites.
The credit cards company's responsibility.
Toys had to have wings.
I think it should have been better than that.
I had gone to a very dimly lit area.
The termination decision.
Both the good and the bad.
food at the grocery store.
You're scoring well.
This hero will be joining her.
I suppose that is a valuable service.
That's the best way.
At least theoretically.
Even just this first year.
If I voted for Bush.
It's over by the far edge.
Do you believe in the Dallas Cowboys?
This year and last year.
I've just read a lot about it.
It meant something bigger I think.
What's the best method?
I'm still a full size person.
Ground invasion.
It was worth it getting a professional.
I do some sewing.
It gets rid of some of the confusion.
Usually, this time is a considerable investment.
Long range financial planning.
God's voicemail box.
I think there's definite roles.
Includes the authentic Japanese voiceover cast.
Is there work to support this conclusion?
What was it called?
Red white and blue.
That's a big concern if you live there.
That's the kind that produces the best.
In the garage.
Generations from now.
So I thought that I would put that there.
It's a policeman and he's working with the family.
But it's slow burning.
Yes, usually.
They've come a long way.
I was hired into the government.
Our children are now eleven and nine.
It's just the idea.
What's this stuff.
Because she is so cute.
They 'd go and shoot their rifles and then they'd drink.
The military was angry with him.
Everybody was screaming.
Avocado oil.
There is a pond.
I haven't tried those.
Some of the people that I work.
We're very far from our families.
Boy Scouts postpone decision on admitting gays.
Enjoy whenever you desire!
Well she's going to.
We're kind of their pets.
We don't do this too often.
It depends on which company you work for.
It's just the old guys still there.
That's my boy, you made my day.
It was entertaining.
When do you touch them?
I miss the intellectual stimulation.
Comment made by television pioneer Philp.
He gets home from work late.
Make vector versions of the bottlenecks.
And it will come in on the next one.
Closures and job losses.
Two points are being indicated.
They enjoyed that.
That's why I enjoy going to restaurants.
you get the point.
He's never gone away.
The scent contains poisonous plant extract.
They don't drive them that much.
They're trying to get more people into that field.
Most of the health clubs are all men.
Some people prey on that.
Conclusion and final words.
Where I go to church now.
We 'd never done it so well.
What do you like to do this time of year.
You will see them in management.
I really like that show.
Which field do you work in?
So I would probably purchase another one.
An allusion.
They blow the whistle on each other.
Home with two children.
I am used to it now.
We moved to Texas before that happened.
It's all got to line up.
We had the same type of situation.
That's good size.
All the money comes from house cleaning.
I'm kind of learning this.
What limits ought to be put on it.
But I don't like to make it.
She kept in touch like that.
They 'll probably be pretty good.
If I can't afford to have some kind of vacation.
How old are your boys?
Not be able to be in her apartment on her own.
Cars have come down in price significantly.
What are you guys having for Christmas dinner.
I think it's a good idea to make it mandatory.
And we have three playing baseball.
And this other girl was not joyful.
It seems like that's the case.
Not measuring inflation properly.
Final version.
Hope you enjoy this piece.
It was the last time they went up.
She's right at a year and we finally got her.
As well as the public.
You moved here from California.
Good luck to you in pursuing your nursing degree.
It's interesting that we're spoiled.
Posh British accent in her voice.
And he decided to choose joy.
Insulation in those things.
I like most of them except for country music.
My parents still live there.
Have you ever tried a one iron?
I guess we're kind of fortunate.
That's the way it's going to be.
And my insurance is about to expire.
This is my eleventh year.
There is a down side to all this.
You and I are tested for the virus.
Is that quality time?
I guess we weren't going.
We moved from Colorado.
I guess they would be mad.
I had never been out of choices.
And I'm not sure what it is.
I haven't been able to catch any of that.
That much of a difference.
It seems to be not difficult enough for students.
They all clapped as he jogged out to join them.
You think you 'd know better.
It's so darned easy to turn the thing on.
One of the past styles.
They do a lot of low key shows.
We leave three little piles.
I got to go find a job.
Your role and experience.
I used to be really hooked on all my children.
First real job after getting my degree.
My kids go to school in another suburb.
I found that they've been fun for my little girls.
Trying to repair our own cars.
I get up just barely in time to make the bus.
You know meatless meals.
After that they will be destroyed.
You're more willing to go in and try.
I think a lot of choices.
As far as that goes I'm not sure.
It's more or less a spare room.
Based on what you've seen.
He was not the star.
Yeah, I know that it's a real problem.
The luxury travel.
How to pinpoint to the lucky days?
The preparation time was so long.
I would prefer to have in home care.
I have stuck to water aerobics.
They're much better students at twenty five.
They could actually combine the early ones.
You don't have to but they did anyway.
Meet my pleasure.
We all like my oldest brother.
He took more of an interest later.
I think it's a really big problem.
Basic supportive measures Airway protection.
You probably wear coats a lot.
There're three pulleys that you change.
Very reluctantly.
We were going up to a larger one.
It makes my life and my work a lot easier.
It was cute but not the biggest laugh I've seen.
Build and deploy manually.
She works in these fields.
the glass windows are dirty.
They had it everywhere.
Multiple versions.
Meeting conclusion.
Vegetables grow in the fields.
And they try to hook you into his organization.
We didn't have anyone in town that was our family.
Now have you thought about this?
They would shut down to retool.
We don't have as many trees.
Wall occasionally runs laps.
And money is their main goal.
The classical thing that you see on TV.
That's what they say.
You know something must be wrong.
It had held onto a small portion.
She's just like him.
But we don't like to do that at all.
At least one of your machines.
I guess football is the big sport down here.
I've been back up for a reunion.
Drug rehabilitation.
Yet the delusion persists.
We are on a farm.
They have donated it to charities.
Point by point summary.
I had had everyone in my department recycling.
There's a lot of places to take pictures.
I will have to stop in there.
That's avoidable.
It has a big engine.
Chips and salsa and peanuts.
And I think most of them have agreed to that now.
They got real fat.
The choice this November is tragic.
I really hope she does well.
I don't know how hard it is.
You hear the same.
Even in the country.
Good social interaction.
Mechanical engineer.
I think I know a little more than I use to.
You like food and I just love the smell.
We don't currently do this service.
That seems to be our biggest problem down here.
I also like jazz.
My stepfather's from England.
Not because I haven't got the desire.
The only purpose for handguns is to shoot people.
You can't spend it either.
It was never very intuitive to me.
You get a good job and you work until you retire.
There was not nearly as much of it.
But mine was freeze.
Sometimes I 'll listen to jazz in the background.
I have opinions about it.
No I have never organized one.
My little girl goes to tap dance.
Or in terms of their opinions.
I don't know what that's about.
It's actually the first car we ever bought new.
Any latest version of Linux.
Good decision so far.
Trying to produce some new programs.
How strong the maternal instinct is going to be?
I went back to school and got my Master's.
Original oil on oval canvas painting.
Everything I learned about ancient Rome.
I'm really thinking a lot about this.
I drove a cab when I was a graduate student.
The full story behind visual conflict rendering.
It's the one that everybody wants.
I really wanted to go on the rafting trip.
That's one way to do it.
Lots of familiar noises returned as I set off.
I do not think a lot of parents enjoy.
Sesame Street will do.
How do you feel about women in tech.
I'm kind of leaning towards not going.
I don't know many of those people.
The thing to do is to try to park one street over.
I understand when they pulled the troops.
Out near my house is pretty hilly.
You can come and go as you please.
I really hate service jobs.
The steamed shellfish you said was good.
Let your voice be heard.
Image copyright.
There is a competition all the time.
Vision testing.
Invasion in Iraq.
Fluorescent colors.
This guy's fixing to do something.
Such things as extremely good school systems.
And it's late at night.
I have done some bow hunting.
Just forty miles north.
This is easy for me.
They almost look neon.
The islanders sleep inside.
It was an interesting experience.
It was prime time.
Beard oil for men.
And I edge it occasionally.
At least their daddy goes with them.
Have you been able to do that all along?
I just realized it's not going to happen.
We try to stay within a certain budget.
I hope I'm on the right track.
My brother lives where I work.
I used drugs last week.
I started at one edge and went over.
Original German version here.
You get into a house.
Doesn't seem quite fair.
And he bit into it.
They are able to reduce prices.
I don't know what your percent is on your phone.
Allowable Uses and Disclosures.
I don't know where the answer is.
Stones with runes on them served as checkpoints.
I've not really had that many problems with it.
It's very disappointing.
He ate a piece of the pie.
I think it's important.
Has such a high clay content.
They don't take kid into kindergarten.
Good luck on your graduation.
Maybe you would enjoy it.
Spent a day and a lot of money.
And I think he's guilty as the devil.
And since the slips all look alike.
It would have been okay.
The kids cried when I took them.
You really can count thousands of stars.
With a bunch of people.
The money's not available.
That was a tragic experience for us too.
How did you join the fight?
The Supreme Court.
It ain't as bad this time.
Run into the gas station.
They left him alone.
It's like a swamp.
Some of the young men and women.
They don't think anything of that.
Just being excellent.
Talking in a beat.
There was too many children per person.
This is really a stupid thing that happened.
Try not to use any insecticides at all.
Join the Facebook fan page.
They just moved into the new building.
A big metropolitan area.
What is that restaurant?
You might want to attack.
I was really shocked.
Nice house and all that.
It's really nice to go and see them.
They have already explored the entire house.
I work part time and just get paid hourly.
That's one of the biggest ones I've seen.
The players usually vote.
They're doing good tonight.
But now I realize that it was better.
Zoology department.
I think that is a very wrong way to handle.
Voting will make a difference.
They just watched the water pour in on the carpet.
It has really reached the point of absurdity.
Have you been to any lately?
Bacon and all that good stuff.
It's high canyon.
And it wasn't.
Collisions should never happen.
You have to kind of wait for it.
I have certain things that I take.
I 'll be there afternoons.
Not too long ago.
I guess with the daughter he's all right.
Try a slice through a hook here.
First off we 'd probably wind up with a dud.
Mostly we catch carp.
At least they all seem to have fun.
The paint wasn't going on right.
My father is in the corduroy jacket.
You can eat a whole big plate of their food.
Always include help and version commands.
We weren't all out to be teachers.
I can't really remember what it is.
You saw a fair number of troubled kids.
Others said they were disappointed.
Has seem to relocated down that area.
And I don't like that so I don't do that.
And they took infants starting at six weeks.
Weren't there a lot of hurricanes there?
I don't know how people do it with one.
That makes me feel a little better of course.
It's not anything like Kansas.
I sit and study.
It's the reason I get annoyed.
That way, you can enjoy the game.
No they don't want you on the jury.
There's always this feeling of hope.
How did you get on it?
Anaesthesia directors.
Let's take the example.
Security measures.
Don't travel too much.
she's lived with us for like five years.
She knows how to shoot any weapon that we have.
That's my husband Mark.
In miles per hour and some are in kilometers.
Right now we don't have anything.
My kind of camping.
Hope you all enjoy this!
Take a stash of books or small quiet toys.
I might find a job that has flexible hours.
Do you know if Virginia has it?
A really nice place.
Learn about version control.
The library has a journal section.
Vitamin A is essential for vision.
That's interesting you say that.
They had no choice.
I've never itemized it.
He went to the bathroom in the pavillion.
I guess the weather will be warm.
I do like having them there.
They are so much greater now.
This could be the tipping point for Bolt.
There would have to be some kind of note.
She does have a job and a career.
I don't even really know who she is.
And that is the best book to go through.
No immediate reports of casualties.
That's a real waste too.
You're not supposed to have that.
I caught the end of that.
And they try to solve them and everything.
Mom was always prepared and she'd bring it along.
It's well worth it.
Thirty years ago.
Fifty cents a day.
In the chambers.
Rent it when it comes out for my husband to see.
Do about fifteen miles a week.
This is the way it's going to be and it was bad.
It was a real rarity.
Start by concentrating and increasing your visualization power.
They have such a super team for years.
Find somebody in that situation.
It's almost four years old.
I've pressed the button.
More on their level.
Do you have kids?
They are, at this point, true victims.
Enjoyable to use.
Thank you boys for bringing joy into my heart!
Yeah, that's an idea.
They're moving to Florida.
They went bankrupt.
Carlos has big decisions to make.
I want to make some flower beds.
Don't spend over that.
We grew up in the south.
I avoided him.
The businesses around in that area.
Car payment sucks a hell of a lot of it dry.
Half dozen coats.
We have a list is that what you mean.
That is a consequence.
A decision was expected Friday.
I got a double major.
The graying of America.
Born on the fourth of July.
The teachers expect it.
And all of a sudden.
A lot of older folks need help getting down stairs.
I think they get a lot of people in trouble.
Store associates will get two weeks of pay after the closure.
We shouldn't have a lot of this junk mail.
I guess I like a variety of things.
They don't have the wherewithal to do it themselves.
We do discuss a great deal.
They do everything well.
You could pretty well guess where it was.
emergency care.
And we like movies.
Moved into the apartment and got cable.
Two baths duplex.
I have a jig saw and a scroll saw.
In our household.
And the first one.
I don't want these people around.
Why do you do this?
That's pretty wild.
We buy cassette tapes.
It's getting to be more and more like a Mac.
It's the best show on that channel.
Half what it cost to buy.
My wife and I both like it.
That's kind of the same thing for me.
I've never been there for dinner.
And I'm sure I'll be like that.
I think the service charge is pretty low.
They moved it from Tuesday night to Wednesday night.
Spoiler alert.
And it cost me twenty five dollars.
It was just so much cooking.
How big do they get?
I don't know, it's maybe five percent.
Not for the money that I was going to spend.
I do have a personal computer on my desk here.
Watch it in high resolution and enjoy!
I can see why people wouldn't want that.
"hey've amazed me to get to this point.
An unjust amount of time.
It's been fun talking to you.
Living in Arizona.
Did you catch the Christmas spirit yet?
My older boy's real happy.
Who's the running guy?
I mean it was kind of like it.
It was boneless and we tried it.
They might work on that.
So she was there pretty much all my life.
I remember there was a time.
Forty five dollars a year.
Summary points.
That whole space issue.
If you're willing to work for it.
Just lucky to have jobs.
I don't think they know.
New platform versions.
I heard about it though.
I only work part time.
I mean when we moved in.
So I think that's been important.
Adjust to these changes as they come about.
It's a loaded cannon.
It would be nice if they could get them together.
Some of them are so joyful.
Those are two very active ages.
I haven't thought about that.
Fifteen miles away from work.
And I just ended up having to drop the class.
You can't count on that measure.
Those were big political events.
I think that's a really good thing to encourage.
It doesn't sound necessary in Texas.
Somebody's getting antsy.
Brilliant deductor.
Weight training and seizure prevention.
In the middle of a residential area.
You will be doing lots of stuff.
There really needs to be a bridge.
It was a point of honour with us not to whine.
Guys and gals, whatever they are.
So you're doing it yourself?
They're going to get mad.
The tree were so poignant.
Realistically it is.
I played for the choral club in high school.
We will appeal this decision.
We will consider your point of view.
They're building a house into the side of a hill.
We've got a two year old son.
Did you get the message?
Void eater.
I bet you that's an experience there.
When you're traveling.
Even if I have my dog with me.
Much of Asia shows the opposite.
It's probably sitting out on the barge somewhere.
I think there's still choice.
And if I am looking for entertainment usually I go out.
He ate right when he got home from Atlanta.
But it's along the lines.
Does your wife work?
It would be fun just to win one.
We rented a car and drove pretty much everywhere.
Some boilerplate.
Avoiding default.
Measuring milk in a more lightweight.
Is that why you picked the school you did?
An hour and a half away.
Seeing their natures as equally void.
One engineer said it was really an education.
Some time in the spring.
I can't really say that we have hobbies.
But that wasn't too bad on tearjerker.
Everyone concerned.
I guess I got my money's worth.
We really enjoy that too.
Avoid toxic relations.
And his employees agree.
And it was really oriented toward little kids.
There's somebody different.
I think it's like one or the other.
It's easy to tweak your version.
I walked in the door.
We destroyed them right there!
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
I read a lot of non fiction books.
Canned baked beans.
That was how it was in Virginia.
I have nothing to say about this.
The people who have the most.
Beware of spoiler content.
Woodworking mastery.
That is what I am afraid of.
She really didn't know how to handle herself.
My husband always says he earns it.
I just do not call on the phone.
There's one juror that is late.
I'm really enjoying it.
Pass the inspection.
She must really like them.
I'd want a minivan.
An invasion that turns out to be not invasive.
I was paying for it myself.
You can always blame it on having children.
That makes sense too.
That's very hard to do.
Because they don't want to know.
It's a joy to behold.
We enjoy doing it.
It's on wheels and it's big.
Outrageously priced.
I guess it's close enough.
I've got two babies.
There's this one actor everyone likes.
But my boss wouldn't pay for it.
There's just my husband and I.
The people are really nice.
And then when they young.
It's a brand new one.
A type of work station.
Go to the bike shop and pick it up.
He can walk and he's six foot.
In San Antonio it was like every day.
My big house had a basement.
I haven't gone back over there.
Toss the recycled items as well.
Double utilities.
I could fix every car in the world.
When I do recipes I just throw stuff in.
They had his birth recorded.
She's the little girl.
What about the judge who's hearing the case?
A driving force in that decision.
They see that we spend a lot of time together.
It doesn't seem like very many people went.
We never had any in the house.
Parking garage.
Here are the choicest excerpts from the draft.
You threw this away.
You buy the canned baked beans.
It's for homosexuals and gays.
That is just as valuable.
Our sleeping bags I guess.
You've given me purpose, joy, and hope.
Needs and wants aren't necessarily the same thing.
Since we've been married I've stopped going.
Not in terms of north and south.
There's a subtitle to it.
You allow yourself to enjoy every step you take.
That's really neat.
I've never actually seen her in concert.
I have three left living at home.
A very extended family.
Hyperinflation would destroy the system.
She's quite familiar with how it is up there.
We got a penny a pound for them.
Video game stuff.
In May it will be five years since I've known him.
We still have tomatoes.
We also go to Chili's.
They're on weekdays at eleven o'clock every day.
I was doing that on the exercise bike.
A light weight skirt.
Check out the full spoilers here.
I went a couple of times with him to gun shows.
Do you go camping?
But there's a lot.
What was the other case?
Now we quit that about two years ago.
And we didn't know the difference.
Royal palm.
And I don't need their fill ins.
At times she enjoys it.
Some classical music.
I guess I'll get back to my laundry.
You can buy whatever you want.
My daughter's in love with the little mermaid.
Usually she uses her left hand.
That's not the worse thing that we've seen happening.
Which one is the tourist area?
But it seems to me that the boy is dull.
There was a company in Houston.
Animal sales are much higher than usual.
Well maybe I'll get you next time.
Do you have a wok though?
Usually anybody that comes over notices.
While I was raised in a big family.
I figured the choice is mine.
The concern about it was overblown.
Stuff led to an explosion.
I don't have to concentrate too hard on them.
Through television.
Which kindergarten are they going to get into?
They made her feel like the criminal.
When I was making my decision.
They'll check for alcohol.
I have always loved reading.
I'm sitting here in my forty year old house.
We'd want something kind of unique.
Because we never went to war.
I stopped payment on a check.
She heard another noise coming from the gym.
Air pollution is harmful.
A perpetual problem.
I'm in facilities and happen to have the key with me.
I've never had a budget.
Then it has little rooms off of it.
Several Asian countries.
Lumping us all together as Asian American.
I mean they're not helping anybody.
I really loved it.
Accumulate the coins and extract profit.
People are afraid to fly now.
My parents used to have dogs.
That would have been something.
They're good both ways.
If you're talking about a hundred degrees or what.
Or towns to come in and dump their trash there.
I don't have that problem.
I'm real busy with my kids in sports right now.
I wear lots of shorts.
I think the line item veto is not.
The decision to increase the number of assistants.
I think it would work out well.
You could read well at five years old.
We're in a relatively new area.
Doesn't mean that any decisions have been made.
Zipper closure.
All of the innovation is on Android right now.
I went back to work.
That would be devastating I'm sure.
Hemp provisions.
It's written at a third grade level.
He really enjoys it.
I have to admit that I am afraid.
I mean I don't even know where to start.
What would you make?
You create a bigger surprise.
Really superb even though it was a public school.
Really interested in things like that.
I guess ridiculous to let them keep building.
I am in Falls Church.
I hope someday you'll join us.
In terms of psychological impact, it's big.
Eat slowly, chew every bit and enjoy the meal.
You did really quite well.
I think maybe you look at it.
A great addition.
You know if I had to put someone in there, it wouldn't be him.
He reflected on his current choice.
It's a shame.
I was accused of selling it.
I never made one for myself though.
So it all comes filtering down to us all.
Create a sports division.
They moved to Dallas about three years ago.
It all centers around your toxic thyroid gland.
Why are our prisons overcrowded?
We don't have inspections like that.
She said in Blake's voice.
That pleased me.
Apartment or a home?
They're usually a pretty good bet.
Enjoy the adventure!
I'm here at the university.
The moderate choice.
That's not helpful.
My husband says that's called rinky dink.
It really makes it easier.
All of his children live in the Dallas area too.
The sequence was altered for the international versions.
Our values of diversity and inclusion.
The decision will move back down.
They would have had kids running around by then.
One of the things they talked about was money.
Teach her to write her name.
That's a good choice.
You can actually see it.
I've seen some of them on repeat.
Tell me where that is.
I'm not sure how long they're supposed to be.
What would you have them do?
We both came out of our shells.
One year public service for everybody.
It just takes a very long time.
North Korea is still allowed to receive oil.
I like to be able to eat really healthy.
I think the roles now are less defined.
She had the baby and she was out in two days time.
The last book I read.
The best you can.
I don't understand that.
Don't get too much money for them.
She has a son who's a sixth grader in middle school.
I like classic rock.
She loved the styling of it.
He knew he was gonna be the whipping boy again.
The choice is all yours.
It's not unusual.
I don't feel like going.
It never did appeal to me simply because it was long.
Joining mining pool.
Please join a different team.
I'm already home for the day.
Dementia along with confusion can be a part of every day life.
Only employees are allowed to pick up the cats.
Well I guess they were correct.
It avoided sudden change.
Looking at visions of the future.
On occasion one of these ants is infected.
It doesn't all have to be white.
Did more responsibility help?
I worked at a steel mill.
We had to give him a tomato.
You can get out there and toy with them.
More choice, more cccountability.
I believe those of us who were working down there.
Coconut oil as a home remedy.
In a big company you can do anything.
You just really can't tell what's going to happen.
At this point, I'm too afraid to ask Andy.
Luckily I've paid in state tuition the whole time.
I know for sure.
The decision has been made that a change is now necessary.
Street boys.
I think he's the only one.
It is bad everywhere except for Vietnam.
The drug agency didn't want it.
I've never served on the jury.
How easy it is to blow money you earn?
Almost a hundred percent.
And tell your wife I hope we meet again soon.
My parents are now in San Diego.
In his league do they have a pitcher?
They rebuilt that school a year ago.
He died in a holy cause.
Up in New England where I'm from.
But also while I was growing up.
Isn't she fabulous?
But he was with another company before that.
What they usually do is too slow.
Every time she sees something, she startles.
Everything isn't always somebody else's fault.
Do you just mix it to taste?
On the computer network.
And other child that they'd already had.
I'll stop eating.
Around where I live.
We try to put those in the warehouse.
I put in pepper plants this weekend.
They should just all be shot right now.
I'm not perfectly happy about not having a job.
What you're doing is illegal.
That is true in Illinois and across this nation.
They bought their home in the suburbs.
It just happened a couple of weeks ago.
You're a Mormon then.
Crime always increases.
They're really kind of fascinating.
It isn't real wise.
Knowing your choices.
That's a good way to go too.
More careful measurements.
Always see guns in there.
I thought that was a pretty good movie.
So I can live without you.
Susan is annoying.
Because there're many Italians in Argentina.
And she starts her own stuff from seed now.
I'm trying to think what the Purdue kids watch.
I've heard so many people talk about that area.
So I'll wear a pant suit in case I have to shoot.
To the heart of the matter though.
We lived here before the war.
It's funny how many names have been used.
To be active and everything in school.
Both of the children were in college.
It starts hitting closer to home.
We don't start anything indoors.
What can I hide and what do I have to tell?
shish kabob.
This sort of thing.
But the licenses weren't that expensive.
But I guess people do that when they're desperate.
Rub the chops liberally with the olive oil.
We had a dog that was adorable.
It's too much trouble.
But it's the only choice.
Audience choice award.
That there was absolutely true.
To work or trying to take care of your own family?
That's good.
I think that could work as a toy.
I don't think I'm a real true believer.
That's a waste of my time.
And a lot of people talk about.
Two parent families.
A lot of times I eat while I'm thinking.
The one that they have.
A lot of things.
I would have maybe called sooner if I had known.
And our city will pick up our recyclables.
Make uniforms for the kids.
My dad's got a new bike.
A disappointing result.
The continentals can offer a lot.
That could have alleviated a big problem.
It's been so long since we've been to the movies.
Enjoy your day.
I had a nineteen seventy eight version before this one.
Some flights were diverted during the closure.
Measured by its liquid weight.
There's no doubt whatsoever.
If you want to go on a boat alone be careful.
Might as well buy me a new car for that.
Occasionally scary.
Where we went from there?
What are you talking about?
I'm a traveling salesman.
I called the minute the sun went down.
I keep waiting for it to die.
I haven't tried before.
In that position on the board.
And if they don't ever see it how can they know?
That's what my mother does for leisure.
self determination.
I've lived in my home for thirty years.
Look at each other.
What do we recycle?
I think they test four or five a day.
He's out of daycare.
I'm down at Brownwood.
And most importantly, enjoy the journey of life.
The same old cliche.
Just move along my crazy boy.
Open your deploy.
Local income tax.
Limited conclusions.
Reporting methods.
Actually I do know.
We have a big old farmhouse.
Watch it on Monday night.
I had four brothers.
Lots of different cultures in one place.
Isn't that terrible.
I don't know the exact figure.
They can't read anything.
I live through it.
Don't come to the wrong conclusion.
We had that rain storm and freezing weather.
The fast breaks.
She enjoys her thought.
Vote for your top choice.
I know people just collect them like they are.
Occasionally, I can't help myself.
I enjoyed talking about pets with you.
They look real pretty after the rain.
It is kind of a nice smell after a while.
He might move away from San Francisco.
He worked hard at it.
And drop those off.
All means about fifteen to twenty percent.
It comes down to measuring.
Price point is extremely important.
It's forty a month.
They have been touring.
Uphold quite prestige positions.
You know we defeated Georgia.
The carpeting is gross.
It's not really total retirement.
They may never reach that again.
I can spot a kid who really knows his stuff.
I've seen it several times.
I think it's sad.
I'm trying to think of the name of it.
I like to bake off and on.
My family is in Kentucky.
We also have paid leave.
I'm not much in favor of it.
The grass is always greener.
I pick him up and carry him outdoors.
He just thought I had been without a dog.
I don't know.
I'm trying to think of what else we like to eat.
The coal mining regions of Siberia.
Measures were passed within the schools themselves.
And successive answers.
We have five children.
I mean to me it is.
But not as much as we should.
Lots of affection.
I personally feel it.
It's just so much weight lifting.
The recession is dragging on.
They quit making those.
How will the company fulfill the mission and vision?
That is another way of thinking.
I think it's very hard for her.
It's nice talking with you.
We hold a visionary approach.
The movies are good too.
My home is filled with joy year after year.
You buy what you can afford.
Every child that I even know that eats vegetables.
These Boy Scouts are up to all sorts of dodges.
See I read an article about Asia.
I don't think it's quite as green.
I just can't imagine how people did it before.
Leave it to somebody who does it for a living.
It's not step for step.
I'm old fashioned.
Shattered void.
Do they stay inside?
What would you find if you just kept on going?
My husband went over and painted it.
That was mainly for people in motor homes.
We are Americans.
More than usual.
I don't cook anymore.
People's attitudes.
We usually learn most from the problems we are forced to solve.
Four weeks is a lot.
We need good schools.
They talk about the nightly gunfire.
But I saw that one.
And in a lot of cases several people's lives were saved.
I sit and watch some shows.
They release it every month.
It'll save us money.
It's strangely enough.
That's pretty varied.
Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth.
Someone might grab you.
There's this one campsite up north.
To grill some flounder or salmon steaks.
So I figured it wasn't true.
Alex is very calculating in making his decisions.
I think German Shepherds do it.
And there's no consistency.
This is not right.
They said it was really riveting.
I think there's a lot of waste and excess.
Are they booked up?
That fertilizer pollutes the groundwater.
You didn't want to cook.
The other thing to do.
Thought you might enjoy it.
A big college thing.
The play time is when the person is free.
Put all your recyclables in that one.
An unusually clever and scholarly monarch.
Avoiding the worst flights for turbulence.
The great destroyer.
I was up there last weekend.
Our state doesn't employ many people.
I just don't know how to measure it.
She had cards printed up.
Click here to join freelancer.
How many employees work in the store?
She was a secretary too.
Future versions of the headset.
Stay with one measure for too long.
Healthy vision.
For anyone worried about exposure.
I don't know what they're finally going to do.
Tim would like to take on other genres.
The metric version.
Get into the employee system.
We're content with this.
They kept putting off doing that.
The study was done a year ago and its conclusion was this.
He's an indoor cat.
I'm talking about national campaigns.
They really don't have anything for it.
We've had a real problem here in Texas.
I just don't know that.
The decision was not even close.
In those situations I don't know how to behave.
I rode a ferry for the first time in my life.
In the six or seven or eight.
I guess I'm thinking of the easy thing to do.
I used to do more before.
Back to the topic.
I've been in school ever since.
It's just a half hour.
I don't watch that.
Just put your paper in the same place every day.
So that was a wonderful vacation.
I think those are pretty exciting.
We've had one as long as I can remember.
So I can go out and go to the bar this late?
I guess it's a couple of years old.
Not that great or didn't do that great anyway.
So I got under there and messed with the voice.
And things going on.
Subscriptions to this.
I have seen a big change.
Every time something new came up.
Trainable disposition.
You should make yourself a promise.
Who'll be inconvenienced by the closures?
It must be so nice for you.
I need a hole there.
Those are the two I like the best.
What kind of dog do you have.
But that was a really fun.
That sounds I wouldn't buy something else.
Atlanta is horrible.
You're the farthest person I've ever talked to.
He was infatuated by that skunk.
This is one step above it.
Well probably something like that.
I like your governor.
He makes it a little bit easier for her.
They don't care as much.
I will agree to that.
But I guess it's just luck.
It's got people singing.
You start to take pleasure in it.
I'm just getting ready to go to lunch.
They need exposure to every subject.
I think it's in Oregon.
At the time you hired on with this company.
I think they are a lot better than they us.
I really don't know.
I don't know whether you did yours first.
More fresh vegetables.
I'd be willing to support that if your grades are good.
What were you saying you were teaching there?
Ours is the last street that they built on.
That's one of the things that we do.
Do not use visual aids merely as tools.
I often sort of wonder how you ended up with him.
The series died right after that.
Cover his ears.
Unfortunately they are not good shots.
Another reason why I chose that was the ambiance.
How much of a threat is it?
Broadcasting all of the movies.
The officer said nothing but launched a barrage of punches.
It was unfortunate but necessary.
Mistakes of omission or outright lies?
I used a three wood rather than a driver.
Some of the other tabloids I get weekly.
Listening to the radio from the back seat.
Everyone has made so many statements, who do you believe?
I guess we're being followed.
They didn't use it right.
For crying out loud.
Chicken, beef and that kind of stuff.
My brother in law works there.
We let her go where she wanted to.
He's going to be eleven pretty soon.
I think we've got to do more with recycling.
It was really enjoyable.
Music seemed to really help.
He is a power user.
I never thought about someone robbing those.
It doesn't biodegrade.
The recreation center for youth.
My cousin went to computer school down in Austin.
Doesn't this look nice?
Ross is just one of those places that sell cheap clothes.
In a big house.
Measurements of about half a million distant galaxies.
Then they have an illusion.
You have college credit.
That will help solve our problems.
It is significant information.
They are wanting to do another.
My mom taught English as a second language.
You pick them up.
They're trying to get the teams to compete more often.
They're pretty neat little figurines.
Reality television star urges the public to help.
It was usually better to let the anticipation build.
She's kind of almost stiff and you're not.
Those kind of shows.
You put in a lot of work in exchange for that.
What shall we do?
We have one down here in the summertime.
I think it's good that you see your cousins.
He can make that flute sing.
I think we fulfilled our obligation.
A production planner.
As well as you do!
As far as the government is concerned, you don't exist.
Perhaps the press intrusion is beyond anythingt.
It's typical for this part of the journey.
I've had a class on physics.
Planned a trip up in the mountains and got a cabin.
I think today the thing that I miss the most is my old house.
How do I safely handle the weapon?
Two thirds or three fourths or whatever.
It's about thirty six miles away.
Look at the taxes on that boat.
I have never been to Utah.
Depending on what my class schedule looks like.
The tax regime is surprisingly lenient.
Once in a while I'll sit down and read.
Just like how you said my father was.
I'm trying to think what else is current.
You're talking about it.
What most parents would want.
No other Northwest Side alderman has endorsed the measure.
I guess what you have to do is just relax.
What about this situation with the white cows?
They waited forty five minutes.
I didn't realize until the jets flew overhead.
Because it's nothing they can't handle.
The style was very conversational.
We were just big kids.
We've all got take the plunge right now.
And circumcision has been linked to various health benefits.
I'm sitting out here right now.
You probably don't have time anyhow.
And the Royals can thank them for that.
It's never sticky or grainy feeling.
I've had mixed emotions.
It's the first and only time I've done something so disgusting.
If you ask my friends they would say I'm a talker.
You have to work around it.
Are you putting too many in?
They can do something else with it.
No easy choices.
You get such good bargains.
Every three months.
Violent crimes.
We got them in our house.
Some days it's real.
Lead pollution has affected home prices.
Our topic for today is invasion of privacy.
I had to get it towed and then fixed.
The year two thousand fourteen.
It's just one of the things I enjoy doing.
See what we can come up with.
This morning our paper was wet.
She's in a nursing home.
Please note that you can only purchase this version of the game.
In some respects their life might depend on it.
I haven't tested the brakes yet.
What's my role in this thing?
I've got two kids to put clothes on.
One time we just borrowed it without asking.
I only use a few of them.
With everybody in the group so quiet, you could hear a pin drop.
At the beach when the waves start coming in.
Outstanding performance by a male actor in a television movie.
It's a lot cheaper there.
They're plaques with soft centers.
Parental involvement has to be there.
I'll be there twenty minutes to six.
I didn't used to but now I eat cereal every morning.
Actually it's very easy for me without a car.
It could only be conjured in a totalitarian regime.
On the verge of country western.
Because you're right.
I'm probably a little more liberal on the subject.
She was my favorite character on there.
All girls around here dress like that.
The image was filtered and distorted.
It's called Uncle Bob's.
Are you Roman Catholic or something else?
Things are a little bit different there.
The whole concept of death row.
Not everybody plays nice.
It's his birthday.
But I won't do it if I have to do it.
She was a dog that loved to run.
A lot of people loved that show but I can't stand it.
I really don't want to see them go.
You could get used to this.
Their attitude on air pollution is terrible.
The ceremony was very intimate, as close family members gathered for the occasion.
This is possibly one of the biggest wins for Asians in film.
We've traveled fairly cheaply before.
Wise choice.
You don't think it's abnormal?
Especially if they go hunting for big game.
He likes to sing those in church.
You don't have to hide it either.
I wasn't pulling for either team.
That's only fair.
Beat communism.
See if there is a bellboy.
As he got to be a teenager.
That's close.
Sorry.
It's real dry up here.
So you have your hands full with them?
When do you want the babysitter to come?
Mine's pretty limited.
Once a week and then some.
I've never fully served.
Who is eighty six years old?
It was no different from Iraq.
Do you continue?
The leaves were just horrible looking.
Wall hangings.
This ownership can set up new direction.
It is not all about avoiding predators.
She plans it all out.
Moving joints.
That picture is right out of a magazine.
I enjoyed that one with the boys.
The little old lady down on baker street.
The luxury retailers.
In the show they have super powers.
I think as long as it's not poison.
That's really funny but also disturbing.
The parents are saying to skip it.
Everybody's left me.
He was rattling off his excuses.
We had just moved into this house.
It's really more of a toy.
Where do you live now?
More appeals mean more points.
Nearly half of its employees were white.
Where do you enjoy dining out?
It had joined the clash.
She just had a baby.
I want the police story without all the romance.
Garlic is the only thing you're supposed to put in there.
They never go to see them.
We never do those things anyway.
I can't envision spending that much money.
I got my degree in Mathematics.
I'm surprised you didn't go to the park.
They do some pretty good news coverage.
I've seen a definite trend.
They have all their own activities and schedules.
I got married and regretted it immediately.
They were lucky enough to have some oil.
Since she's a therapist and all.
The tax was administered by the federal government.
Confusion at Home.
Draw any conclusions based on real intelligence.
That sounds fun too.
Because of the explosion, the refinery went idle for months.
Enormous amounts of money are spent on vision.
We seem to agree.
Conveyed something of the confusion, uncertainty and rebellion of youth.
They're in school down the street.
I feel real guilty because we had him under the gun.
Then they'll pay you a certain amount of money.
I remember it took me a long time.
The last week of November.
Probably the most popular one is sold out.
She gives it back to you.
You'd think that it was a private school.
The same patterns of behavior.
Right now my actual job is a news reporter.
I've only been here a couple of years.
To reduce crime in a positive way you need to target poverty.
I have one daughter that works full time.
Did they mail that to you?
I have a sister who's sixteen years older.
And they got him from the dollar store.
The Green Street Parking Garage is closed.
They were doing some work on the old house.
She brought everything from the car.
He didn't have too good of an opinion of it.
You have the pick of the litter.
That's where I wanted to be.
Scouts and sports were his two big things.
Seems like there's some precision.
It's a choking hazard.
What kind of hobbies are you into?
It's good preparation.
But they've changed a little bit each day.
Where does it rank on the fine list of vision concepts?
That's the only one I watch whenever I'm tired.
I love Chinese food.
I caught the disease from my father.
I never quite found a New York fan.
Put all the interior walls up.
There is no curb pick up.
I read those little slips that come in your mail.
My wife said to water the roses every other day.
Reader's choice award.
A lot of kids that hold off a year or two.
State supreme courts reached differing conclusions.
Why is my child being put in this closet?
I'm sure you'd find something.
I lived there for a long time.
I hadn't actually known that.
Where do you go to college?
And what do you know?
The magazines I've had are pricy.
I took my kids out and taught them how to go backpacking.
We really debated at the beginning.
I hope you have a nice day today.
My sister is very over zealous.
The living room and kitchen are huge.
Vision is one of the foundational blocks for any entrepreneur.
That's too much trouble.
It really is a different world.
So she joined her daughter in the classroom.
But Stalin was a dictator.
Visual Strategy creation and refinement.
I do crochet a lot.
That's a tough deal.
Through the mail.
Do you or your husband work for a tech company?
Right now I'm busy chasing my kids.
It's really important to me to get to read for fun.
Turn right on basin street.
It's like we've lost our values in this country.
It's not like it's coming out of joint money.
The service is great.
Have you seen that one about survivors in the Amazon?
The other children in the center hated reading time.
I don't care how good you look.
In the backyard.
You spend the night and then you leave early.
They fear being dependent.
Are you someone who works outside your home?
He scared everybody to death.
We've got two teams of equal strength.
Someone else is doing the counting for you.
I would take a turn.
When was color television invented?
You didn't have to put down the tray.
You can hear all the barking.
But do you think Gates should resign?
Don't even talk to me.
I noticed that about him right away.
I mean you can't help but love her.
The insurgents often exaggerate battlefield casualties.
It's an invasion of privacy.
Some of it is kind of worn out.
Taking measures to extend their life further is easy.
How wonderful.
We did more and more of that.
Learning about different kinds of grass and weeds.
It's a little hard to believe.
The government announced new measures to combat the wildfires.
It gives you a taste of what it's like.
It takes a lot more planning.
It's been interesting to talk to you.
According to the judicial system.
That's what we had.
It's been cloudy and dreary every day this week.
I can sketch something.
When commercials started appearing on television.
That's another topic.
A good example would be typhoid.
It's a really nice area.
The variance provision could also be modified.
All they wanted was ten dollars a month.
Our principal says not to loiter.
I never did care for him.
The court has reserved its decision on all issues.
It's a special occasion.
There are other people that feel the same way.
It doesn't fit the circumstance anymore.
It will be like family around her.
It made clicking noises in background.
It's a casual working space.
You just gave it away.
It was just so real.
Are you enjoying staying home?
Retro visuals.
It's just very wonderful.
That's strange to me.
I'm interested in having it for my office.
Craft is about relative precision between unlike parts.
The dog just jumps up and down and starts yapping.
Drive in movies are fun.
I think you'll see a lot of growth in the coming months.
It wasn't as bad as this last year.
The Department of Infrastructure is the ultimate decision maker.
Then it's twice as hard.
Getting to agree to things is the goal.
If we don't have rain that's unusual.
They didn't like it at first.
I travel quite a bit in my business.
They've had that horse for several years.
In the Vietnam war it seems like we lost focus.
It'll be interesting to see how the next guy does it.
All these other guys do it too.
We painted every room in this house.
They moved it up to the county north of here.
Solar power satellites.
I still like the Giants.
I just graduated in May.
This guy's got everything together.
Maybe if you had a controlled substance.
She has got a huge family.
We've got people here that really like android.
I think they waste what we pay.
You actually go in there.
Divide those up between all of us.
After that season, Alex had a decision to make.
Satan rejoiced with his birth.
What level of care do you need?
Focal point.
Do you use the pots frequently?
I don't think we have too much to go on here.
I couldn't have asked for anything better.
Education of the people is primary for democracy.
I've taken some classes and I've made a few friends.
Play there under supervision.
Well don't you want to know what's free?
I really did enjoy the law.
We're a long way away.
To me there's something wrong there.
I don't know how we could make it more fair.
I tried one on and was disappointed.
The people kept harassing her over and over.
Well that's why I ended up giving it back to him.
A pretty delicate thing to do.
I watch it every now and then.
I think capital punishment is cruel.
Details on specific road closures were not provided.
Ten gallon buckets of water.
You start talking about the game and I'll fall asleep.
If you hear that music, tell them to turn it down.
The area is really expanding.
What kind of consulting do you do?
Publishing a tweaked version of the cartoon.
I'm fairly new to it.
It's kind of odd they pick only two.
Plant more trees in urban areas.
If they had a jury of psychiatrists instead, would the verdict change?
The United States has reacted poorly in the Middle East.
We grow broccoli in our vegetable garden.
I had a friend that broke up with me two years ago.
Do you think that's a good try?
Insurance should pay for that.
I play the piano.
We will ensure that these measures are materialized.
I just have a real hard time doing that.
I don't have children yet.
Any errors in the published version of this newsletter.
I've never had a car with automatic brakes.
It was a two story building.
They didn't send him to a public school.
Have you ever heard of it?
But putting him in a home doesn't feel right.
Now he builds roads.
They couldn't do a whole lot.
Some of the things were available at the border.
Were you trying to impress somebody?
The term was going around.
Two columns on the front.
How do you combat it?
We wear coats in winter.
I'm not sure if I would rank anywhere near the top.
They occasionally hold events.
We didn't buy really new or expensive cars.
Do you have any kids or pets?
It's all rolled up into one.
I'm getting a gut feeling here.
That worked for a while.
It's warm in the summer.
Before they draft you.
Northern Indiana.
When does school start?
That was the only reason I quit.
Clerical personnel.
You can see quite a few different animals.
I'm doing this for somebody else.
We don't have anywhere to go eat.
I'm about fifty pounds overweight.
Wool was never comfortable to me.
What happens if we lose worse?
Some old church magazines on the table.
Help you make the best buying decision.
He's fifteen minutes away.
But how to implement it in decision tree?
Three or four days and that would be it.
There could be a lot of options.
A little bit more progressive.
It was on the news.
Fuse it on with fancy glue.
A male profession.
It's a concert band.
My husband was raised in the Midwest.
It's ours up here.
He had choices to make, the counselor told him.
Make a decision about abortion.
Once in a while it rains a little bit.
I graduated from college in nineteen seventy two.
I think they're helping us be more enthusiastic.
The jury and a judge work together on it.
Do you both study erosion?
A flock of birds was circling it.
I think the military is really fat.
I mean I've haven't had it that long.
She had that done a while ago.
I set fire to the place.
What's wrong with her voice?
She stood by her decision to go public.
He's from that area out east.
That's a whole other topic to begin with.
They're not quite as outgoing.
I guess when you're feeling defeated, don't give up.
Boy is really mad.
While it's healing take it easy.
And what kind of books do you read?
Canada has socialized medicine.
Everything is pretty rough.
I didn't see that one.
You get all prepared but you're right.
It bakes up real easy and it's a delicious thing.
When I was working with Tim.
I see her only once or twice a year.
People were jumping to the wrong conclusion.
I have my own policy on freeloaders.
I wanted to go to the Peace Corps and make a difference.
I have a few health food stores that I send it to.
It would be nice to have a town home.
Back in my old job I worked like a dog.
What would you do?
The revenue stream went to another state.
To stay home and raise your family is hard work.
But we bought it in eighty eight.
There was a shooting on the tollway.
The tragedy was highly unusual.
Gaussian noise or salt and pepper noise.
That was always kind of interesting.
The whole sky was full of that eerie blue green.
It's pretty different from yours.
They're starting to put metal detectors in.
They're not trying too hard these days.
I don't know if it's that serious.
Who would steal a newspaper?
They are the Detroit delegates.
Some interviews will be a lot more casual.
He builds those facilities over in Park Central now.
Not in the early morning.
You don't take what's not yours.
At least Russia has some sort of strong leader.
Are you a fan of sports cars?
I did that one for both kids.
I thank God I'm here.
Get me something that I could write with.
Middle income people.
I need to make a phone call or two.
In the English version, the following cards are included.
It really adds up after a while.
When it's on the line, he delivers.
As long as he puts in the hours he needs to do.
I think hospitals make a ton of money.
Shouldn't we try and help our friends?
I think the jury is best.
It is my conclusion you should build one.
You have the greater amount of income.
I enjoy it very much.
Baseball has a point.
I don't like the way they do it either.
I grew up as a Bear fan.
What basketball teams are you interested in?
It's sort of illustrated by the light brush strokes.
You hear the click of the recording coming on?
That might be true.
That cowboy hat worked out great.
You're not going to take her to that one up north?
He hasn't yet committed a felony.
I haven't ever used that.
What's America's role there?
I'm in my forties.
The lawsuit claims invasion of privacy.
I hope your baby likes his toy.
You studied art in your program.
The daffodils are out.
Liberal arts programs are a good idea.
I want to get rid of him and not have to pay his contract.
Use visual aids like presentations.
The high school games were casual.
They tend to make decisions based on their mood at a certain moment.
You take it out and pour this on top of it.
His book was mentioned prominently and attracted my curiosity.
I have no problem.
I've gotten into a few scraps.
Must be cringes or something.
You rely too heavily on visual aids.
I think you'll enjoy it.
We are excited to be launching a new version.
It's not every week.
Worthy of carrying on their lives properly.
You're more receptive.
But at one point they're going to outgrow you.
That will work out just fine.
None that I can think of.
Los Angeles Times.
My parents don't hardly use them.
Irrespective of the cost.
To make up for the lack of meat.
Why not get the whole thing?
Right now we have two cars.
If only you knew what you were getting when you voted.
Depending on the field.
The government convoys.
But I've been at companies where people barely work two or three hours a day.
Even though I retired from education.
And we walked through the fence out back.
I got out and got my bachelor's degree in engineering.
Don't collect unemployment.
It is in the urban areas.
So he probably doesn't remember.
Business as usual for traders.
So I made my own version.
The owner of the store.
Because the criminals know that.
I moved to Kansas City.
Especially since you have a German Shepherd.
I'm going to have to stop and explain.
Are you on the early retirement.
So we see a lot of them.
Do you tear out of your magazines?
Did you use a textured paint?
She got about two thousand dollars.
Are they the same there?
They have not been too bad.
Keeps to their own turf.
I guess that's because we had so much rain.
Of course they ate a lot of sea food.
Good size windows.
That's not too hard.
I can't believe I can't think of his name.
So that really effects how they report the news.
When your wife has her baby.
It's something we like.
And it would be just fine.
Gives him a little bit of that individual time.
I've been baby sitting this child.
Getting back to the PC.
It keeps you pretty busy.
And my husband dragged me to it.
They have visited nursing homes.
Just in house programs to do what they needed.
As the trial was over.
We had a lot of bank robberies.
But if somebody can make a regulation about it.
I have sold quite a bit.
The demographics do.
I just grab the car and drive everywhere.
But I think the key is you just need to run.
We had a dog before we moved here.
And on the other side I see myself again.
Air pollution I mean.
They have some nice stuff down there.
Some people come.
That's the biggest mess I've ever heard of.
The first year we were living there.
Like the old Hank Williams.
What do you think about that?
Sure the contest itself and the game itself.
I've got a Los Angeles map.
We've remodeled all our units.
They're never going to be rehabilitated.
At least the nominal.
But I am more productive when I'm in pants.
This won't take long at all.
That is very curious.
For legal assistant and that's what I know.
And it answers everything.
If it's life and a day.
And then to go into Baltimore.
It's one thing to get junk mail because you can.
There's just not any push to recycle.
If you can't work.
Then we have checkbooks.
Won all the games.
What were they talking about?
Pull our aid from these other countries.
And they get out their little Mac.
I've got a place in the country.
Yeah it sounds like it.
I like those too.
It's like shrimp on the Gulf.
When you were pregnant.
In the mountains.
Owning on them and making payments on them.
I haven't started making money yet.
When you pull it up.
There's a general illness that needs to be healed.
And that's happened to me more than once or twice.
Like entertainment tonight I've never seen MTV.
I mean we're talking.
The last two years.
And you paint around it.
New home situation.
Had an upstairs apartment.
It was expensive.
In addition to an individual's rights.
Or something with crayons.
And dogs take a lot of time.
We beat Buffalo.
What's his whim to decide it should be two months?
It is a beautiful country.
It's four bedrooms and two baths.
I just grew up in Oklahoma.
Which is outside of Dallas?
Can't give up on it.
Like the fifties oldies.
It went off pretty much without a hitch.
I've got three card offers now.
And look forward to retirement maybe.
Assign my wife that chore.
Well do you know something?
She doesn't think she could be a mother at home.
Several magazines like that a few years ago.
And they're harder to get rid of for the weekend.
As what they're doing.
Seventy percent of the people said.
Very low mileage on it.
For this time of year.
He fell back several years ago.
And that's about it.
I think they could.
Never been real thrilled.
You have to earn a right.
Austin is so pretty.
Some guy that was attacking women jogging.
And that I couldn't watch.
Then pay it at the end of the month.
I think I am going crazy trying to do it.
That should just simply be taken out of the homes.
The utilities are pretty much.
I'll look for it.
I think that's part of the role reversal.
Which again a lot of people who are motivated.
I like the way that.
So do you go to college right now?
So hopefully our budget will in increase.
I'm not for sure we know exactly.
The first appeal is automatic.
We did it last time.
I guess he's leaving.
About a tablespoon of sugar.
And I had periods when I didn't do anything.
He has all that and with his doctors and stuff.
We don't have cable.
Or was it Roosevelt?
In the winter time there was no smell at all.
And we just had a regular old typewriter.
And then he came out with the Invisible Touch.
It doesn't seem that long.
I get my news from a combination of sources.
And once they get somebody good.
This is the first time I've done it.
I just got over the flu.
We just moved in in September.
But I have two cats.
Somehow that just seems weird to me.
I mean I'm driving a piece of junk.
The character is trying.
Don't know if this is an advantage or disadvantage.
They take a notion to do it.
A parent should tell their child.
I just get with another friend.
When I think of drug testing.
Oh If you have your health.
The minute I said the word.
And pretend like he's playing games you know.
The system right now.
Because it's her business and everything.
If I've got time.
You don't blame that.
I've got one that's seven and one that's three.
She works with him.
Salad with cucbers.
And they don't learn the communications.
And believe me you'll know the difference.
You know what I would love.
So that was upsetting.
That they can't do as good a job.
More of them doing men's fields.
I should be able to do things like this.
I have preferences.
It's not really like this.
When they have teachers' holidays?
I don't think I've heard anything on the Rangers.
About how many calls have you made on this system?
Three strikes against them when they're out there.
And we went out to dinner with some friends.
They live in Alabama.
And they were not really fighting.
A really important thing to me is when they would come.
Had a living room.
And so they just fit in there.
Last Christmastime.
That's a nightmare.
We had such an economic slowdown.
This one that you raised.
I guess that I really don't know that much.
He's not that old.
I'm hoping that we can work something out here.
It's just hysterical.
I see at least two a week.
And it also helps when they were winning.
There are plenty of good people.
The internal problems.
The whole electronic classroom idea.
Then maybe there is no hope.
They get taken up at the store.
You utilize all of it.
I do play the piano.
And live happy lives.
A little trinket for each day.
I've done that for college football.
We do some projects every now and then.
I've heard that she's done real cool things.
About twenty years ago.
That's a whole new field in itself.
He's been a legend for so many years.
Is there a basis for it?
Provide medicine to their family mens.
Or if you haven't sold property.
I had my school do it.
Just something fun to do.
They're in there.
A circuit court judge.
If William Kennedy Smith had been found guilty.
Would you consider?
But that's not really exactly immigration.
Forms for things.
And so I've seen a variety of types of benefits.
It's real little.
Very scary to see what they found out.
And no matter where you build it.
I decided it is not worth it.
I mean the kids can be a real pest.
Violence oriented.
Be settled anywhere.
I sit and design cards.
We hadn't did it ourselves.
Is it worse than smoking?
The more people offer them to you.
So I tend to read a lot of the baseball books.
And that kind of thing.
Doesn't seem so far.
With the smoking premis.
Well that's kind of good to know.
A lot of different comedies.
You just think to yourself.
Any experiences you've had at work.
It was just terrible.
I don't have to worry a whole lot about that.
Oh that's a big thrill for them.
Then I finally made it to England.
Those are all great.
But I was thinking.
Since that's all they do is news to dig deeper.
Maybe we'll talk again.
Had an impact on the society around here.
I mean it's not going to be overnight.
I really have not seen them.
They could sell five.
You can always heat it up again.
It's kind of a concern for me.
That is pretty good.
I knit sometimes.
They don't get to see their grandkids.
I listen to like ninety seven point one.
The weeds that come up in between the bricks.
I think not normal setting.
I have to watch cartoons on Saturday morning.
You have a lot of experience as far as I know.
Low stress exercise.
My answer is no, thank you.
They refuse to give him more salary.
There's both sides to it too.
There's minimum wage jobs.
They're just so suspenseful.
Maybe it was November I'm thinking about.
They're not going to voluntarily say.
I don't read a lot of nonfiction.
The one they have taken.
It was basically.
Or does it have to?
You don't have to be an expert to play.
You couldn't really talk.
It sounds like it's good.
I was really surprised.
Foundation planning.
Or evaluate a person by that.
I still live in San Jose.
Twelve hours away.
Nobody's out of a lot of trouble more than once.
Maybe eighteen inches.
I hope you can find it.
Nothing comparable.
They're all former lawyers.
One of the reasons.
I'd respond probably by biting or something.
And then I worked for Dragon Systems for a while.
I guess my concern is what we are reading.
It's hard to follow.
It went the other way.
And she won't even think about it.
And put it in front of the Wal Mart store in town.
It's a eighty eight.
I was just one of those.
I read in the paper this week.
I thought a great deal of it.
I've never bought a new vehicle in my life.
Don't get to play except on the weekend.
I'm in upstate New York.
You know that this is what is going to happen.
More than one at a time.
A real good dog.
I think you got it.
Now I remember it.
And the skunk was a good story.
These little small cities.
Letters of applications to universities.
That's all they got right now.
Any type of emotional.
What do you think about the movie.
Parents and children.
And I had gotten home shortly before that.
They try to throw in good stuff.
Just get hysterical.
But he's been kind of up and down all year.
My mother likes to serve taco grandes.
Particularly if they have children.
She's an indoor dog most of the time.
You saw the passage of the Civil Rights Act.
Gone are the days of those things they use.
There was very little external communications.
That's exactly how they do it.
It comes on again.
It's aking profits.
Don't seem like they are doing much with it.
It's individual basis.
There's no possible way that you could do it.
Don't like it really.
On a full time basis here in town.
How to get a job.
I really would be at a loss.
So I'd like to wipe them all out.
Tendency, not toil, makes fame.
Other people are poor.
That's about the only thing I've had gone wrong.
Why can't trees break down?
There wasn't anything for.
Soccer is destroying the USA.
So he kind of was a cowboy type.
It kind of does get to be a routine.
Read more about deploying node.
They just drop it in.
If you do have to go sometime.
Ranking points.
Barbecues and Mexican food.
Because I didn't decide to major in that until a few years later.
Just more facts would be nice.
We just don't protect them.
I think we have a lousy school system.
His social security number.
Then his sixteen year old brother started helping.
Because it actually doesn't matter who shows up.
You have to prepare the fire.
Drunk drivers kill people.
It's such a joy.
Give an incentive.
What are you hoping for?
There's several.
A counselor and a therapist.
And we said to them.
I used oil base paints for trim.
I do it by myself in a group of maybe forty or so.
One of the biggest things in the animal kingdom.
I suspect that it is possible.
There's something about having a place to live.
The comparison is almost expected at this point.
A shadow of a doubt.
But as far as the aftermath.
You shouldn't have left it there.
I know if I didn't have that stipulation.
Buy a toilet plunger.
I don't know if you follow shows.
Television stations showed a more complex story.
Braised hard boiled egg.
She's met them already.
You don't need a personal one.
I wonder where they do that.
Or is it all funded out of local taxes?
This is my dad's part.
To know what to expect really.
Were you introduced?
The college ranks.
In this way, every decision you make must be carefully considered.
I think it's interesting.
A clear division arose.
The settlement, however, avoids a trial.
That's a good way to get started.
I don't know, about ninety?
It is easier to do when I do some chores.
We lived up north long enough to appreciate the cold.
They had people who did the yard.
Usually a company.
It was car races after horse races.
I agree with you.
I avoid foreign companies.
It's usually before the ceremony.
They're out of Korea right?
That's an interesting one.
Her voice quavered.
I sew clothes for them every once in a while.
You're just drawn into his charm.
If I find a good book.
My wife and daughter were kidnapped.
The judicial mishap in this event.
They think they're getting ahead.
Choice of black or white.
Boy groups usually learn from foreign choreographers.
Terrorist attacks and national security.
Now I see you again on this soil.
Shower and dress.
I can't necessarily blame them.
Take the extra measures for security.
They've really become very much involved.
I like Pierce Anthony.
How they're going to feel about it.
Fused coins are free coins.
I didn't want to have kids.
They trade the nucleus of their power right now.
I would say I've never been.
Losers all the way around.
It's not the times.
But the point was apparent.
I talk to my husband.
She wanted them to call Boyd to get one for her.
Exploitation of the African continent.
It was a bittersweet joy.
Whatever they tell you.
You order a meal.
I mean it's dying now.
Very practical stuff.
If they do come back next year.
Trying to join an existing organization?
He's a proponent of that.
As far as doing things for them.
How many of those damn coins will we need?
I was in English as a matter of fact.
Mike was the gunner of the convoy.
You're going to get it.
I think they should.
There's a little sensing device.
It might not be brand new but it was a decent car.
They have their own budget they go by.
Basic voter rolls are fully exploited data sets.
Composer section.
I bought a stationary bike.
I barely made it through high school.
We live close to Dallas.
They still found him guilty.
You are what kind of buff?
They just get around town.
Is there anything?
A lot of jurors.
Luxury hotels that you can't afford to miss.
I do not see that they should stop her.
Her mother was very old.
The city manager.
This exposure might draw us all to reflection.
We got pizza delivered to our house.
They're real active in volunteer work.
There's quite a waiting list to get into that.
I get most of my news from the paper.
The room was full of Rugby League royalty.
Get rid of the two that we have right now.
On the other hand.
In conclusion this is a great skill to have.
Virginia is not a particularly rich state.
I noticed that his voice trembled.
We do have a nice retirement package.
This is like judo on steroids.
I have a dog also.
Far too much for what we get.
Professors from other schools.
We would make that sacrifice.
Helping him locate the toys on the list.
That's what I use all the time.
It's not that big of a deal.
They're very vocal.
Some of the seeds got dropped.
We set up a budget.
Remember those three points above?
They just went from generation.
I think going six weeks makes sense.
We generally order pizza in.
Which I was kind of leaning toward anyway.
As I watched he was joined by two young people.
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
Places usually that I wouldn't be going.
People will kind of set up their own little club.
While I am coiling the ropes.
SHe already expected the decision.
The latest Android phones for less.
I like that they run tense.
I haven't gotten through it yet.
You know what I am saying.
I really think that money's history.
In fact my mom's out there in Texas right now.
A lightning version.
I think there's so much prejudice still there.
They had a lady come in.
The homeowner can't be touched.
But again, you know that's not the Treasury's call.
What should I do?
Oiling the economy.
You don't like to?
I use them both here at work and at home.
We don't have any snow here now.
As far as something to eat.
Punishing point.
My scalp will start to bleed.
Picking up dirt.
That's the key there.
You guys sure want to be out of range.
The public's split on it.
There's just no one around.
That's what I hope.
This thing that I'm doing.
There is no real counter measurement.
We didn't do anything.
I won't tell you that.
The whales usually weigh about seven tonnes.
How they work is fascinating to me.
I had a dump truck come and dump it.
I'm doing all right.
The way kids are talking these days.
That's possible I guess.
You hear the news.
She really enjoyed life.
It's probably costing you a fortune.
Treat the same with due remedial measure promptly.
We see them at least once a week.
That's what's happening here.
We don't get reimbursed.
Join the discussion.
He took care of it.
We eat breakfast sometimes.
He's going to be traveling to Europe with a choral group.
I'm in the Navy.
Albus favored the boy with a fond look.
I watch mysteries too.
There was one point I was going to make.
Where a head gasket bolt broke.
There has also been a diversion of inventory to the black market.
Instead of taking them up there.
No matter how annoying it gets.
And they're very dedicated to that.
A few seconds ago an illusion.
Excellent acting by Billy Crystal.
A salesperson will usually want to know.
You know it wasn't just a super bad storm.
Have you painted anything recently?
Watch and then record over it.
Beans like to be near certain types of plants.
I'm going to vote each time.
Doing serious journalism in Indonesia.
It'll help in some way.
Chuck Norris.
I guess if we get a new car.
Each boy in the hostel was rich in experience.
Will you be getting these toys come October?
Separate into lights and darks.
It's an eighty seven degree day.
Once you get your Masters.
Might make a good salad.
Labour staff are stupidly loyal.
Then I was very disappointed.
What some of these people really went through.
The Senate's choice should be to say no.
Just a moment okay Nancy.
If they penalize businesses.
You don't need to put that down there.
Not a huge part.
My husband has time off next month.
The first is an asteroid.
Especially with the kids.
Everything's really expensive here.
I think it is too.
They shouldn't have a family.
Why start it at that point?
Were you trying to follow any type of rule?
Court cases are about justice.
You know one of the top three in the state.
The benefits weren't there.
It just takes a long time to get it done.
The Browning Bar is a good choice here.
You just sit down on on the deck.
An individual ferret thing.
Have you fly fished?
They're very dissatisfied.
Now he's in Rhode Island.
He threw up in the kitty litter.
I think there's about seventy.
We play board games.
I also remember an illustrated version of this story.
I mean it's a very good movie.
Russell ultimately married his boyfriend.
Texas leads the nation in uninsured children.
A modified version.
Easy feedback for my visual novel.
It wasn't that big of a family.
Takes an awful lot of time.
Actually listening to the news.
Have some part of the law.
They didn't ask Adam to join.
Search for attitudes and whatnot.
Live in such lavish style.
I guess that would be good.
What happened to it?
I'm at a little bit of a loss.
I was thinking it'll be okay.
The remaining teams will compete in the Premier Division.
We always seem to.
Understanding those folks.
Because it's industry.
Something really minor.
Maybe that will make people think a bit more.
I mostly listen to popular music.
I would like to be able to do that.
She thought it was riveting.
I had that almost similar situation.
Thank you for enjoying this, regardless.
It is about twelve hours drive.
What's the word I'm looking for?
When I was younger we'd go every weekend.
I'd wonder what is that.
You just put it in the oven.
And I guess maybe that's the way it is.
I don't keep up on it and I don't feel like I miss much.
See if they could.
I am very much for capital punishment.
I guess they must be finished.
And I think that is healthy.
I didn't make the jury.
She'll buy a lot of it.
I started a project.
If you want to go back to school.
Add appointments to your calendar.
They started out really bad.
Easier than chicken dinner.
Tale of two exploits.
We usually order our tickets way in advance.
Even in my own experience.
But it is occasionally recorded in much larger animals.
A midnight surprise and lots of joy.
Are you having any trouble with bugs in your garden?
It was up in the nineties a couple of weeks ago.
My real concern.
I don't make anything.
What's that state north of us?
And there still hasn't been any sign of rain.
The boy's father suffered similarly.
They were all completely clean.
I do not think it's done by now.
You can meet some really neat people.
Certain standards of living.
That's what I keep telling this person.
It's been a few years.
Within the last couple of years.
Not lose their jobs.
You can see exactly.
Upcoming Initial Coin Offerings.
I have some neighbors across the field.
My family is from Kentucky.
What looked like a fight.
The measure was rejected by supporters because it wasn't broad enough.
The Rocky Mountains are so pretty.
I think it was probably a no.
My parents did it.
They're cutting some of that.
Another thing.
At the rate it's emitted, it's being destroyed.
Before you realize anything is going on.
Point and click.
Snapped to attention like a toy soldier.
Why should a woman be forced to be employed?
Someplace for the children to be.
It's usually okay with me.
I heard there was some stuff.
To ask automakers for more jobs won't work.
I keep rationalizing that.
Glasses.
We still owe money.
Like second jobs that they work in the afternoons.
I just got the new issue.
But drastic times could call for drastic measures.
It is not a reason.
I mean what I say.
It makes it convenient.
It was hard to accept that.
Whether it be science fiction or fantasy.
He put himself through school basically.
Just things around the house.
I mean I just don't.
They also tended to wait slightly longer to make a decision.
Our financial situations are dire.
I'd like to see them back up there again.
He's far too much of a gentleman.
Some nights it's just real cold.
The other thing I can think of.
Avoid contact with eyes.
I'm not building any reserves.
We do basically the same thing.
Pepsi cans and whatever.
To shoot up in that way.
Roy wasn't as effective as he had been.
It's modern.
You recognized this.
That's a beautiful state.
Fellowships at our church.
Tall trees.
Not too controversial.
I found it hard to deal with.
It pertains to my daily life at the present time.
Once that was accomplished.
A lot of chicken and rice.
Critic's choice.
Agree with our choice?
Sanction Turkey over the incursion.
Friend of hers at work.
And that's where a lot of aggravation comes from.
I'll be done this afternoon.
I didn't have time to do that stuff either.
What it costs now is ridiculous.
I met her when I lived in Hawaii.
Do something to beautify the school property.
Pretty tough law and order state.
This session is about to run out.
That's something I've never had to use.
It's time consuming.
Better find a lawyer.
Then you get money for your cans.
I knew right away he shouldn't try to touch the tiger.
Give people insight and help them make better decisions.
They bought what they could afford.
He's nine months old.
We don't handle them very well.
That's one of those little exclusions.
They're equal business partners.
See if there is anything in there for us.
The numbers that are being thrown around.
That interest rate is just a killer.
There are also these various disclosures.
He bought a measuring stick.
What's that about?
Sometimes my husband clogs the toilet.
How do you like it?
My new shoes will last me longer than that.
I went to work as an editor and writer.
It was like five or six dollars.
I guess we don't really use that many tin cans.
Putting things on the back burner.
You never know what they're going to get into.
Let me guess.
I set up my computer manually.
But newspaper articles can show what really happened.
We just used a latex base.
I've actually been in line the whole time.
I want to see the nursing home.
Well I originally come from New York.
But I haven't told my husband.
I haven't gone out to check yet.
It's so far down the road, I can't make it.
A restaurant that employs minorities.
I've driven in one.
I would consider where I was buying it.
I had really liked turquoise.
I don't water them or anything.
After that it was the interior stairs and foyer.
Quarantine measures were not seen as necessary.
And that's not going to be good.
I guess it wasn't a real good topic for us.
I really feel bad for the people I see there.
Since he goes to nursery school.
The commentaries.
I just got married last year.
Like when I lived in Washington.
But that's how we got into a problem.
We have Portuguese speakers.
She don't even know how.
We're just friends.
This whole thing.
Did they have some pretty good special effects?
Which was about five years ago.
I do it every day on a regular basis.
But you probably do.
Well he works for them.
Being involved in things like this.
They are really funny fish.
Points to note.
They're should be more trees.
The Grand Canyon.
We have the most loyal people.
This brings you no end of joy.
The books are outrageous.
I don't know if I'm that brave yet.
She was always a little bit leery of her.
She stopped doing it.
Crane's personal life is unusual for the CEO of a big corporation.
And they really seem wise.
And see that's another thing.
They really are over.
Did you enjoy it though?
Many of those decisions have been overturned by higher courts.
I don't have any now.
She has everything planned so closely.
Do you know where?
Aren't they playing Detroit?
Makes things break easier.
Deploy the load balancer.
That's why I'm glad my wife did too.
But they're planning on doing it very soon.
I was reading something in the paper.
You don't feel super cold.
But there's a lot of them out there that haven't moved.
I never watched that ever in my entire life.
Joint application development.
It was wrecked three weeks ago.
This is the royal road to hell.
Random drug testing.
We managed to come out.
Join today to place lifetime Ads!
Not too much into sports.
It's not only my decision.
Avoiding student loan debt.
I totaled them all up.
Has he ever been your favorite player?
It's kind of hard to explain.
Believe in capital punishment.
Keep it clean please.
But they never say who.
There definitely is.
If a movie is popular it stays around.
They're not as nice looking.
Is it the second division?
I remember my dad was telling me this.
And serve as missionaries during the summer.
She had a dispute.
Eighty degrees up there.
A lot of trips involved going to visit.
That's the only way they're going to fund it.
My husband is a Vietnam veteran.
The most obvious occasion is the celebration of a new home.
Not this past fall but the previous fall.
In a little different grade.
They have done it many times over.
You shamelessly laughed before the convoy.
And pay for her too.
Gulf sea turtle deaths up, joining dolphin trend.
If you don't mind reading subtitles.
I pay for the extra dental plus vision.
Whenever they they made that into a movie.
It's a low key place as far as dress goes.
Well I'll be with other people.
Raspy voice.
Investigative reporting.
Raising kids exclusively.
If you do it right I think it comes out even.
He has been in prison three or four times.
It was also clear from a film standpoint.
I don't know that place.
Due to high concentration of deployments.
I'd like to see them go too.
I don't mess with it.
I think most people want to be.
The payroll is lower that way.
Turmoil from below, battering from above.
Everyone knows how to make tuna fish.
Their money is still being protected.
Who do they need to trade?
I think our five minutes is about up anyhow.
They can go back and look at it.
That's the first thing I thought of.
If you like to cook.
They're expensive.
The Detroit Lions still can't be trusted.
And see what you feel is best for you.
Everything happened in kindergarten.
The decision was announced Friday by the presidency.
I didn't realize that had happened.
Go out along an interstate and pick up garbage.
I had an occasion to change.
That's the best way to do it.
It was just when that was empty.
It's like fifteen hundred dollars.
Basketball's gotten to be a lot of fun.
Freud slams head against desk.
Offer free version of music.
A good house for a very nice family.
We've got these ones.
Our choir is doing this as a money making scheme.
She had been dating a fellow for several weeks.
Of course my job was such that I didn't.
I like to prepare chicken.
At this point, we've ripped on everyone.
I mean if you can.
We turn the knob.
Any government welfare services.
Do you like the sports programming?
Did you ever see American Graffiti?
And how about the time?
It is a huge plus point.
She's eighty nine.
We managed to get to one.
She just was not good enough.
It's primarily just the opposite.
You just got off the wrong exit.
We reserve the right to make the final decision on all name changes.
I just wish Nick were alive to enjoy it.
Customer deploys template on Computing Engine.
The worse it gets the more he wants to leave.
I don't understand why.
Your car is fine and everything.
Here in Indiana we pay.
As a player, I can't make that decision.
They have a little curriculum.
There was one noise like that.
Doesn't seem to be any imagination behind it.
You were great.
You are experienced I would say.
Twenty nine years ago.
Because her statement was invalid.
That's what we have.
Well what business are you interested in?
Does the company you worked for give bonuses?
You don't have anything else in the backyard?
That's another little thing.
Kids could see their parents.
Avoid routine.
But he wants to make the toys.
Streaming season is opening boys!
One was about painting.
We can't have that down here.
They really were something else.
Changes to employment insurance.
If you had all your senses.
The void return type.
It is in agreement with its provisions.
I mainly leave that up to them.
He said potential closure of plants would not be off the table.
I think they're all bad.
I used to be a builder.
And she has a boyfriend.
I'd probably have some parts.
Paranoid in the past.
Yes there's quite a bit of crime.
It's just a piece of material.
You always get these preapproved.
The unanimous ruling from the High Court upheld the lower court's decision.
Being in on the creative side.
When they came here.
Five dollars between here and there.
Given out by those companies.
But I've never actually even made it.
Books about Freud and Psychoanalysis.
My usual go to cure for leg cramping and pain.
They said they were using.
Tipping point.
Boys buy the condoms.
I'm sure with the new leadership things will change.
Occasionally I'll see that one.
Those bastards usually weren't available on Saturdays.
Just telling them now.
You kind of get hit with the humidity.
It's my voice.
Be an influence later on.
I have a lot of respect for him.
The last time we went to the Pacific.
The Sloppy Boys.
The families do not necessarily want.
If they're going to do that to her.
I've never joined the protest.
I'm a mechanically inclined kind of person.
I'll agree with that.
You're more aware of what nutrient.
Just to deal with trash.
They were at risk.
People always get upset about it.
Most of Virginia is clay.
I believe it is too.
You've just got to go for it.
Just a visual treat.
They want on the scale of microns.
We keep looking at that mini van.
His parents have thirteen grandchildren.
They give each candidate five minutes.
Inequality for many, oil profits for a few.
A centimeter is about the width of your thumbnail.
We're looking at a car Saturday.
I know they lost.
True to life.
I watched that game.
After about twelve minutes or something.
The Treasury view would be that.
That was one movie I came out impressed.
I am kind of a radio buff.
If that's the case.
Pets can be a lot of trouble.
And remember how they used poison gas?
Install the latest trial version on your device.
Right now I'm a student.
Enjoy today that holds unlimited possibilities.
Of course.
You know the godfather's been on our minds lately.
We've actually got a kind of a nice set up.
All religions do not point to God.
All of those things that one does with kids.
It's a business decision.
I'm not blessed to have an old car.
That's not really providing you news.
But they both have a lot of credit cards.
I liked it because I want to go.
I do graphics for their television stations.
My brother's five years younger then she is.
They were married.
Cue theme song of your choice from that show.
Not really happy.
Think it would be hard.
The nationwide system of public schools.
I was pretty shocked at that.
Do you see any out for us?
This is just a maybe.
Some are found tucked away in toilet stalls.
But mostly they're from the area.
I'm sure that you can run.
A long time ago I belonged to a gym.
While my oldest was a year old.
Keep chickens in a garage.
What are the Hot Boys great at?
Other critics say the measure would be ineffective anyway.
Yellow and green squash.
I make my living by phone.
The advocate for the homeless.
Opponents say privatisation Indonesia has failed.
That is not right.
Manipulating the equation.
Is it a novelty or a real coin of importance?
I guess our topic is about movies.
They don't even try to keep up with it.
And it's certainly not your fault.
I enjoyed it too.
Join us at Maine Beer Company.
Put them on death row and execute them.
Talk to you on the next go around.
That's hardly a division.
I've done various things.
It must be depressing for the people who do.
They are tempting at times.
Thank you so much.
He is the president and he should be trustworthy.
They have a lot of them there at the club.
That's what we're trying to get ours to look like.
I got her for Christmas from my family.
The motivation isn't there for a lot of people.
Entry points.
Would I want to buy more?
Join by phone.
I just thought of something we have to return.
I had found an entry point.
Now that I've gotten past that.
They say that it is.
I was never able to go to Baghdad.
She was probably depressed to begin with.
Find out who they are.
Traffic from a car accident.
Reteaching what they had the year before.
And you're going to school there.
I'll be here a long time at this rate.
Very low noise floor.
Also they get better quality care.
Yeah, good point.
Those milk cartons take up so much room.
And you get out of the house more.
Health plan for him.
Join now.
I was thinking of the one recipe that uses onion.
We're only just a few minutes away.
Occasionally, the messages turn into an article.
I'm a divorced woman.
They have the mirrors.
I don't think he's making new ones.
The technical institution.
I don't know that we really have a budget.
I'd say just no capital punishment.
Dump all the trash in the same bin.
Even remote as it is you can still fly there.
Five dollars an office visit.
Actually there's one thing left to say.
A little white fluffy cat.
Which I think is awful.
When you decide to make the step.
I like orchestra music too.
Residential situations.
When you have kids.
Now I dance for joy.
It looked archaic.
We go out to dinner.
The other people were kind of mixed.
To access handguns they passed it.
Up to the effort they put into it.
Those are basic things.
They tested him.
A lover of old things.
College credit is a good idea.
Somewhere they can sit down and write down what.
Voters without ID have to vote a provisional ballot.
Choice means respect, and it means consent.
Got to wait a couple years.
More words and phrases coined by the Bard.
I've been here since seventy four.
Ours is more like month to month too.
He wanted to improve the highways.
Basically I don't have an opinion.
I like to get away in a book.
So it gets tough.
I keep a Visa card.
How'd you all do?
After harvest, the red peppers are usually dried.
It's like sixteen hundred days or something.
I thought it was awful.
Because they have these new toys.
Said is reduced to playing games at this point.
If they want to get a liberal arts degree.
I work out before I go to work.
Very suspenseful.
I was just so used to twelve.
Second generation.
So that's got everybody excited.
They have to do everything.
He needs to be outside.
But I'm just not that involved in it.
That, you have to understand, is not usual.
But we haven't seen that one either.
Stay at home and do everything.
And then you let it carry it downstream.
In order to balance the divisions, the schools must be split.
It seems like everybody has a dog now.
It's an association fee.
I don't really need their help to do that.
I just think it's really hard.
So what's it been like up there?
She was clearly annoyed.
An unlimited source.
If it's run by the individual state.
Join the course now.
Pesticides are poisonous.
What kind of music do you like to sing?
Paris joins them now.
It is when you do it that way.
I've got a couple of those started.
We do an awful lot of camping.
Confusion and uncertainty.
Gathered for the occasion.
Finally add pepper powder to the soy sauce.
How a boil water advisory works.
I'm not sure if that was in Arizona.
And she didn't act like it bothered her at all.
There was one question.
Because of the pleasure you get from it.
Did they give you drug testing?
Just being born right now.
Minor fixes to a few select voice over lines.
Local or federal government?
Employment income.
The music in that was fantastic.
Baseball is their life.
To keep someone in prison.
I sold some of them.
Sometimes decisions are made before a public meeting.
She needs walking daily.
Peanut oil.
And that's about right.
You grew up in Orlando.
Do you use credit cards?
He was making like a bat out of hell.
I have another gentleman.
I didn't want somebody to come.
A bold decision has been made.
I don't feel good and I get car sick.
That's what they do.
Pick one of the advantages of passive voice.
We're a sit down together family.
I live in a one bedroom.
It's a number of different things.
Precedent avoids conflicts.
Things like that.
It's a really good movie.
I think a lot of people are hurting.
I just see him as trying to squish as much space.
Am I still employed?
I mean the kids are the victim.
If I had to do it all again I would.
After the case was over.
Being able to have a choice.
I have not been to Spain.
Because my wife wanted to see it.
I like retro stuff.
You know they're too distracted.
I'm still replacing that in the back.
I'm just a seafood fan.
Three times a week.
The Stable ponies do not let me close to them, usually.
It is called an initial coin offering.
You'll find it in the next aisle.
Fantastic pictures in those things.
It is usually not hard to know who you are.
Isn't that a practical van?
An economy car right now.
The same Act includes a criminal provision.
I've heard that he lives in China now.
I like wearing those especially when it gets pretty cold.
Much nicer if we all did it.
Some measures have been taken in the rest of the world right?
The penalty ought to be out there.
I was pretty much giving up my life.
But probably not.
But it didn't get the upper part of my body.
As something of a luxury.
It's a whole experience.
My kids like to play in the yard.
Traveling around the world a few times.
We can't live there.
And they went to court.
I feel like the next generation.
I tried to envision it was going to be OK.
And it was three or four days a week.
Then we went up the mountain.
I'm not from Minneapolis.
A point of view.
Have you spoken before?
I think you need a break.
I've had a couple of ads.
It does sound very interesting.
I just don't want to do it.
Change in the price of oil.
Your choice.
We've exhausted all of our ideas.
That's one thing I would like.
It was the first time in the state of Ohio.
I think that's one of the most horrific stories.
Employee controller.
Apparently it feeds itself.
I'd like to see what she's doing.
Olive oil.
He pretty much dropped out of public life.
Increase in void volume.
Diplomatic engagement with Asia.
I totally am for it.
Get the most vehicle destroys in a round.
We do a lot of family things together.
Enjoy the Holidays.
So, which little voice is your favorite?
Boil the sugar and water briefly.
I mean no one has said for sure.
War for Oil?
Did you get any cards in the mail?
His main point is wrong, so we're done, right?
The calendar is super long, he points out.
Choices themselves.
Especially in the winter.
You ready for this?
I have little ones.
I'd kill him, my brother's like that.
People say we did it well.
A couple of times with my mother in law.
Creating an exploit.
I saw all seven games of that.
These do not disappoint.
Local boy raises money for headstone of friend.
I was very comfortable.
Clean enough for royalty?
Precisely my point.
I haven't been to South Dakota.
It's kind of like the ocean waves.
Things that happen cause a person not to try.
That would end terribly.
The cool ranch dressing goes along with that.
Recycling can't wipe out the barrage of plastic.
Getting to the point.
Now we're on a managed care thing.
The community here.
They also have a toy.
If I had some I would.
What would you look for?
The first one was really good.
It's just one story.
Everybody loves their car.
Are you in the defense?
I would work in the summer.
I'm an electronic technician.
They love it.
I thought Utah was cold.
God really protected them.
I used to jog.
I'll tell you another good book.
We have a long weekend.
Maybe you lived too far away to care for them.
They haven't been able to.
If he did something bad.
They seem to be doing just fine.
In a way you can travel light.
That is a very good point.
I don't know if I'd want one of those now.
It was pretty similar.
That's right.
We would be ahead.
Right at the right time of the year.
I did not get my degree until later on.
We don't actually have a budget.
We just left it alone.
Some of the students.
That's a big influence.
Actually they're from Canada.
My sister kind of got in the opposite end of that.
Somebody was telling me.
All of us could use one electric car right now.
Plea bargaining is something completely different.
He didn't carry any ties or anything.
How they voted in the past.
I don't use any drugs.
You need to let the bacteria build up.
On to the next one.
He needs to be remembered.
It seems like we pay the state.
People don't want to use mass transit.
When I first moved to college.
I'm getting back into apartment life.
Blue looks so pretty.
We went round and round with the manufacturer.
We could talk about that.
He was a good player.
I'm already on my job.
We still have a lot of hot afternoons.
I think she kept saying that.
That would come down.
It would be more a tarp.
If you impose.
Over those things.
The nineteen forties and I.
That was some of the best tasting water.
You have a good ratio of good to bad.
Have you done this before?
I favor dogs over cats actually.
U S troops could still break out.
You made sure that they were cared for.
I think that's a little war condition.
Now that I've stayed home.
Indeed it has proved out that way.
That's one thing my husband wanted to do.
I don't know if you've ever heard of them.
That would make a bigger market.
My name is Pat Johnson and I live in Texas.
It's hard to judge.
That's the nuts and bolts of the law.
Being killed off by the thousands.
Certainly the purpose is not very legal.
Business was established.
A well known chain.
In the business community.
I'm mostly the easy cooker.
There's a big variation among the country.
Capital punishment.
At least he didn't eat them.
A year's plenty of time you know.
At the theater.
And so we're usually outside.
Some of the larger small schools.
It would depend upon which one you want.
I'm in graduate school now.
In a different fashion.
Ryan struck out his five thousandth player.
That's the new one.
I'm about two hours north east of Pittsburgh.
Where do you live in Texas?
They don't care if we end it early.
You have a good day.
It helped him to have a close relationship.
You know to cure it and so forth.
I don't like administration.
My husband got his big garage.
You don't get near enough.
I think they're really trying.
It was selling like at twenty five or something.
That's what I heard.
The ants would start crawling up your legs.
She's kept it up real well.
Good luck with the baby.
Go to take a shower.
Those patterns were well established before.
If you look back.
I think it started actually.
I had a hard time getting seated on a jury.
We think it's good.
We see all the same movies.
I'm probably a little too over protective.
I always thought it'd be great to have twins.
I like to know more.
What would be interesting?
I can just forget that from now on.
Every day I'll have a newspaper at work.
I'm not that up on the policy of ways.
They really enjoy it too.
Thanks a bunch.
You live in Garland.
Outside or inside?
They don't have to.
I don't know it that far.
A whole new world.
Do you get cable?
I'm in charge of raising them.
What was the topic?
A defense and a prosecution.
You mean instead of people?
Very black and white opinions.
What you act like.
It wasn't actually.
I think the appeal process takes too long.
I don't know for sure.
You know the family.
For a checkup or whatever.
I also think that would be really good.
By the time you get a baby sitter.
A main dish and a dessert.
Full scholarship.
We used to go out.
You've got a modem in it then.
There's Six Flags right by the stadium.
I think the emphasis on sports.
That's what I want.
Some of them are our problems.
How many bedrooms is it?
We at least agree on what we enjoy.
It would make life easier.
He started out being a little orphan.
We're paying basketball people.
Of course we got it on.
Can't wait for them to get it started.
I'm not old enough to recall that one.
I'm glad to hear that.
Twentieth and eighteenth.
Go to lunch from twelve to two.
Hispanic players.
Central and South America.
A few little grammatical problems.
Two or three weeks a year.
Can he be the man who's ultimately responsible?
How long ago did you graduate?
I'm trying to think what I've seen lately.
It's like living in the hotel.
I took a leave.
You feel bad if you bowl a hundred.
Our daughter.
They didn't kill as many people.
That might be a better way to do it.
Do you think that's good or bad?
My father teases me about gourmet cooking.
I'd rather be doing that.
I was wondering.
They do not promise anything specific these days.
You can put them out in the spring too.
I don't even have any of my recipes with me.
That's what the different types are.
I was just absolutely shocked.
The violence that we see.
Is there a series on?
I want to watch that.
It's just as well.
We had to sit there.
Very few I would imagine.
We went back to visit some friends.
Just a voter and a taxpayer.
I've done some other things too.
I would not say it is not as bad as New York.
You can go to any.
I don't really remember.
Are you and your roommate a similar size?
Put the old nose to the grindstone.
That's kind of nice.
I'm just finishing another one up.
If I had known how.
The wind's blowing very hard.
For two years we didn't.
Most of them were twenty or so.
Tears of joy streaming down her face.
A decision on this case is expected any day now.
They want everybody educated.
There's no hills.
This is a very unusual time for all of us.
You are going to find out for yourself.
If I continue taking good care of it.
We know what to look for and what to avoid.
Mostly I have just given them away as gifts.
One of my friends here.
There's almost too much of a choice anymore.
Deer spaghetti is real good.
The big Republican thing is that they don't.
I don't know if you have one.
Does it justify the cost.
With a record like that.
I read a book while I'm doing it.
You would think so.
I actually hit the thirty one bracket this year.
First an alphabet is developed.
In your kid's shoes.
I have a rifle in the house.
It's a real big crunch.
I think that's really the only fair way to do it.
You have to have that needle.
As little as possible.
Is it a boy or a girl?
They've got it pretty precise now.
I was just trying to think.
At the end of the day, respect is a choice.
He's telling me to start the grill.
Do you have to be a fan to enjoy it?
I really enjoyed skiing.
I haven't counted.
It's kind of pleasant.
Please share this post if you enjoyed it!
I like the looks of the Lincoln Town car.
You know to make us feel uncomfortable.
So what's the point of all of this?
Do a little bit better.
We were going to the doctor once a week.
I mean you as an individual.
We have an excellent gardener here.
They're in good spots.
Do you stay home with yours.
It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
His children are very musical.
Kind of like the Italian.
The weather is nice except for when it rains.
To see there's nothing holy about it.
Those were the last two that I've seen.
To different people's houses.
An absolute certainty.
And who is in charge of making that decision?
The stores that sell.
I hope you enjoy this burger as much as I do!
We weren't all related.
That decision might not be a hard one to make.
It's worth doing it.
Lot of philosophical content.
I find I have to get the right kinds.
He'll take them out just to be with them.
I'll take the passing teams any day.
My car is really old.
There's still a lot of research.
The insurance rates are real high on your car.
It made a big difference.
That's another problem with the United States.
Two fifty or something.
So, how did they arrive at this conclusion?
Read more about the decision here.
You can learn to crochet.
I bet that was frustrating.
The family wasn't wealthy.
He should have let them.
I got a year's probation for that.
Secretary of Defense under any provision of law.
Usually we get about one or two calls a day.
We get twenty four days a year.
Very competitive business.
Whatever his name is.
You might do the same thing.
You know that they're insured.
The decision was not made lightly, he said.
Because I don't know the territory and all.
Should be about seventy.
A decision on the case is expected in June.
I just couldn't believe.
Which brings me to my next point.
I think the jury should be able to recommend.
I thought I was going to die.
You worked with it and you got through it.
Everybody's in Dallas that I talk to.
There were no immediate reports on casualties.
I don't know if we'll ever see that up there.
I can understand that.
My feet bother me.
It was Zales jewelry.
It's always a pleasure to be here with you.
I had a little bit more time to think about it.
You get so attached to them.
Except they can't fight.
Okay, fine, I suppose you have a point.
At times there's a lot of it.
For the speech group.
You have pointed out the models for this video.
I do telemarketing.
We live in the Saginaw area.
Taking off her glasses, she massaged her temples.
It's really an illness.
When I was growing up in Chicago.
I have a gold one.
Repeat offenders of a crime.
What did you grow.
Is that what you're in.
You're very conservative.
You'd be a hundred and seventy centimeters.
I still got a couple of years on it to go.
We are looking forward to that.
Life imprisonment.
It would have to do with poverty.
Her voice barely above a whisper.
Have we done our ten minutes.
The measure passed the House by a voice vote.
That happens to us sometimes too.
We didn't know that when we bought the house.
For the education side of it and everything.
I guess I like to take care of it.
Interesting thing you want to do.
But you have friends that have children.
I don't have luck with that tomato plant.
So that's not too bad.
For the relatives.
Bring a large pot of water to boil on the stove.
Certainly exposed to criteria people are using.
Warped real easy.
Decisions are expected by the end of June.
Now that's big time.
Actually they have.
Also difficulties they have.
They're starting off.
Trying to find someone at home.
I was kind of into it for a while there.
Lives right next to the Cowboys' training camp.
You say it's near and dear to your heart.
In the field that I was in.
If they missed it.
Presidents have always avoided that as a country.
Check my balance and my book.
Always pushing me.
Right after you get out.
I play right now.
University of Illinois at Chicago.
You're supposed to do chicken.
He said the decision to part ways was mutual.
Stewing up trouble.
It is reflecting.
I don't like to watch anything.
Like building a house or anything.
It's really pretty good.
It's real enjoyable.
Several things about the car.
Then I got into it and then back out of it.
We all know that that's not necessarily true.
Electronic Data Processing.
It think it's Jamaica.
It's still running real well.
What are the others?
We took her into the country.
I mean I'm not a serious golfer at all.
It's difficult to really say why.
About half of that.
It is something new.
Just by not knowing.
I haven't called in a couple of days.
She can cover quite an area.
She's real interested in recycling.
It is a new company called Prime Air.
They have one of the clerks up there.
People going into different fields.
I couldn't believe it.
They fill up the whole kitchen garbage can.
You need to keep all these people employed.
The lines in there were just perfect.
During that whole month.
It's amazing.
We've got the power.
Avoid wasting money on watering.
They have to adhere to that industry standard.
Get arrested or what not.
They might weed you out some other way.
She didn't announce that to you.
That's one way.
I said if I ever had a son.
Not just maternity leave.
I think that's all they're picking up.
It's really nice.
You buy these super giant heavy duty paper bags.
About fifteen miles.
That does not sit very well with a lot of folks.
The rules don't always apply.
In the next five years.
You can't believe that.
Was that wonderful?
I have a dog that God gave us too.
Collect your cans.
All on the job.
My dad has a lake cabin.
Do you have any pets now?
I don't know if they do it all over.
You think it'll continue?
I like all kinds of books.
So pretty much we have different interests.
I'm from Atlanta.
We did have Barbies.
It reduces some of the length of the benefits.
Would be some measure of protection.
I can't even think of what it is.
Pull out couches and all that.
It was a difference.
With the classical tastes I had mentioned.
I can not remember his name now.
Her daughter actually was.
Except when we need them.
You know that children can't.
That was a lifesaver.
We're going to have to do something.
That's something.
You know I don't know.
We had a case like that here.
They would let you use it maybe once a year.
That's not their problem.
Everybody is really interesting.
My two littler ones.
You've already been preapproved.
Which is unfortunate for them.
Hopefully the new ones will be a lot better.
When you think about it.
Potatoes and onions and bell peppers.
I'm being very good.
We have a seven year old.
When I don't have money.
You can't find them.
The time frame which they get paid.
Because of the institutional food.
Do you watch the network?
I guess I can relate to that.
You're thirty days late.
Run a business out of my home.
In my little world.
I knew it was easier back here.
That's a big part of my decision.
My parents would have a fit probably.
It's also designed to line the pockets of lawyers.
Quite a way away.
You've read that one before.
I've seen all of this.
That happens on occasion.
I think that's the way this is done.
I get them rarely and I'm still astounded.
The jury system itself.
People are just too different.
It's just a lot of fun.
What group you happen to be in.
You all are waiting for that.
If something caught my eye.
Didn't he though?
There's some trees like the oaks.
We didn't have that.
When I was in Dallas I was supervisor.
Even when someone has been convicted.
If you can pull it off.
We bought a van last year.
Then I could take the van.
I'm in favor of very little clean up.
That helped us sort of feel good.
You own the company.
We're going to Romania in a few weeks.
I'm dying to see that.
You talked about something.
They should have one year and one appeal.
I just want to get down and kiss the ground.
It could be used to hassle somebody.
We're just stealing it.
Recently moved here from North Carolina.
A good southern solution.
They all play different songs.
If I could remember the name.
I find it very silly.
That should be governed by by the government.
I haven't really gotten back into exercising.
I went back tonight also.
There's no deductions.
You know I don't change my own oil.
I saw that movie too.
The entire bank is not like that.
Trying to control whatever.
The benefit of having eyeglasses for the family.
That's what I wondered.
They don't know that I don't use drugs.
Then you are busy.
I don't think they're out of line.
That's a serious truck.
At the time that's what I taught.
My Shell credit card.
There was some girl there.
We were doing it.
We've got a one story house now.
It was always my mother's fault.
There's a couple teachers up there.
With the topic I think I agree with you.
They're going to change that.
You think about it now.
You're not going to.
Everybody has a different thing.
They just have hopeless lives.
My daughter is twenty one now.
He just brings stuff alive.
They like just the traditional.
My major criteria.
I just don't feel right.
You get the bill and send it to him.
He won't do that yet.
The infant is going to lay in the crib all day.
I don't have to live through many.
It's very safe in the daytime.
I worked my way into having the same engine.
A towel down or something.
Here's what you have got.
Same with my husband.
Few places now seem to do it by the slice.
In the middle of our okra.
On the night before his sixteenth birthday.
Weekly magazines.
We've had her now for about three years.
That person rushes you.
I do study what's going on in the economy.
We try to do one thing once a year.
The two seats up front.
There's just something about that Cadillac.
They're recycling cans and paper.
A lot of people don't even like to carpool.
If you don't refute it.
Knocked the socks off of them.
If I was setting up a daycare.
A lot of times I'd help her with that.
They fought individually.
But I got talked into the bike instead.
A lot of us have parents.
As a social to meet people.
I don't know if you like the mayor.
In the ground floor.
Let's make them have a degree in economy.
I haven't followed it real closely at all.
You're right.
Out of an office every day.
We still don't know what he does.
At a million dollars.
I've never quite understood that.
We're over as far as our rainfall goes.
We're very family oriented.
It's thirty degrees this morning.
A New York style.
I prefer a swimming pool.
They're all gone at this point.
Do you remember that?
The basic idea.
I have more energy when I exercise.
That is something I really enjoy doing.
What was the name of that?
I bet that would be more fun.
He is a former president of Guatemala.
I was much younger.
In other countries.
I think it was his shoulder he had surgery on.
You take away a person's freedom.
It's on from seven to nine.
I don't think it's the teachers.
I've been involved in electronics a long time.
I don't know what advice I'd give them.
They seemed so proud of everything they did.
I've been playing.
She and her husband both do.
I'll forget to pay the bill by the due date.
They're teaching terrorism.
The taxes are there to support.
A place called Quality Auto Parts.
They've enjoyed the school.
There would be no way to do it.
We love fresh vegetables in the summer.
I vote religiously.
That one that you had.
It just became such a pain.
I've seen his other movies.
You got to pay to park at the student center.
What did you normally do?
Have a handle on it.
Why don't you like the Mustang?
We just now found her.
You get back into a political thing.
They do that here.
She's not feeling too great today.
Much more crime than ever before.
How does this grab you.
With Jim's schedule.
What do you want to do.
We didn't even call them.
Venezuela has the world's largest oil reserves.
When we decided to move.
What's it like from an artist's point of view?
I don't think they're in a conspiracy.
We get upgraded.
These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise.
Sort of the ground level.
Are you a boy or a girl?
I would say about ten or fifteen years ago.
This is the first time.
I do pull for Chicago.
If you have a drug testing program.
A lot of people get convicted.
They're always laying people off.
May of last year.
We've always gone to a lot of movies in our life.
Our financial budget.
Sort of seems to be taking.
Is that putting too fine a point on it?
Make or break you.
That sort of stuff.
But this is usually not the case.
We are not real consistent with this.
He probably knows.
Especially if you write like papers.
You have to cut each thing.
In our particular situation.
When she realizes he's in the house.
I want him back, but it's not my decision.
In this stage of my life.
It's carbon so that makes sense.
Do you all get together often.
For the first time in years, I began to feel joy.
Cats are pretty independent.
It just tells a story about life.
Opinion is going to be heard.
I guess about a week ago.
My mother worked.
Yes you can get an idea of what's going on.
Heat oil in a medium pan over medium high heat.
Find someone and pay them to do it.
It was a decision he would come to regret.
So we put hers in.
I wanted to get out and see some things.
Which is a good idea.
Paid attention to them.
What is the vision for the future of this city?
However, that decision was overturned on appeal.
She's gone three mornings.
A medical problem.
Take those subjects.
This is one of those things.
The freeze just got them.
When I go into the hot tub before I go swimming.
It was about five hundred pages.
That kind of calms him down for the most part.
What is the most enjoyable part of your job?
Feel free to use the color scheme of your choice.
It's not an easy decision to make.
So, it should be an easy decision, right?
That was kind of fun.
You wouldn't know that.
You don't have an annual fee there.
When they recognize that it's their tax money.
They thought it was too much of a bother.
The Southwest Medical Center.
I think sooner or later.
Got to see Pike's Peak.
That was the one from California.
At this point, it's up in the air, he said.
How did the situation get to this point?
When you find the right cookbook.
My taxes have gone up.
There were no other injuries in the collision.
So far, no casualties have been reported.
I like doing that part.
It just flew all over the place.
It's very hard to say.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It wasn't like prekindergarten.
So they'll stop me.
That takes a lot of time.
It takes forever to get a call through.
It weighs less than the line.
I wouldn't want to spend more than two nights.
Translated and edited by Voices of Ukraine.
One day would be sufficient.
I've had that happen.
There are some smart ones out there.
The phase of the moon.
A six hundred dollar three piece suit.
A lot of companies are.
You realize why we were in the Middle East.
You don't use any credit cards.
You're more fun though.
She thought long and hard about this decision.
I bought it for cheaper.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
But I think I'd like it.
A nursing home or anything.
Worked in fast food restaurants.
When I think of crime.
But it's well worth it and everything.
I'm going to.
Somebody quite young gets certain kinds of cancer.
He is also a member of the Royal Irish Academy.
It's because you've been there.
It's a lot like camping.
It's just me in the house.
Senior citizen's home.
How did we get to this point?
I see it go anywhere.
It was unusual, to say the least.
If I had a third one.
To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?
I guess I did not.
We will miss every once in a while.
What had gone on.
Better running automobiles.
That sounds real good.
I believe I would probably tend towards that.
My husband and all the men.
I think she loved that dog more than I did.
People do it for their children.
Everyone grow up and mature.
Anybody tries to hurt them I won't even blink.
On the radiator behind the dresser.
We ended up watching it for a couple of hours.
I have an hour here.
Bunch of books that I read.
It was a pleasure talking to you.
Like any lottery.
I decided to do it I haven't talked before.
He's almost a teenager.
I think it's a little bit inefficient.
There was some really nasty patronizing.
The kitchen table.
We will worry about who he is later.
I was in education and in administration.
He's gotten good service.
Which leads me to my next point.
Especially with teenagers.
A lot of things we don't like.
We change our rights with our social status.
That really adds up too.
We're close enough so they can do that.
People seem to enjoy it, so it's a good thing.
She'd much rather be here with me.
I could do it now.
A decision is expected in August at the earliest.
They're just too weird to work on now.
And what was the point of it all?
I just don't understand that.
Gouging your eyes out.
He said what did you get a deal for?
That was all we ever saw.
We don't ever catch enough to eat.
You have children I take it.
They won't take those.
I like sound tracks a lot.
I'm calling you from work.
They had chosen Santa Barbara.
He wouldn't really talk about it.
Who was that with?
I'm also in Dallas.
We're probably reaching a successful stage.
What do you think about places?
It is just wonderful to talk to you.
Then other groups come in and do the services.
They had permanent tickets.
Harm or injury.
That concerned me.
You have to have a roof over your head.
Houston and San Antonio.
It was overnight.
What have you seen?
Moving around.
Came out around the first of the year.
They're not going to change that to meters.
They're going to go on a cruise.
I had to work in an elderly home.
If there's a game on.
Which makes a difference.
There's no other way.
Well that sounds wonderful.
Couldn't catch one to save your life.
It's a real good concept.
Do you have pets?
It's a miniature.
I'm an engineer.
It was very modern.
My mom's like I am.
Whatever pop we drink.
It was an interesting theory.
Is it a way of raising the prices of illegal guns?
I feel the same way.
I don't think we gained any weight from it.
I always wanted to go to school for nursing.
It seems like you get hit the worst.
On the south side is all glass.
You go outside and play.
I'm not sure about the name.
Why don't you tell me about yours?
It's situational.
In the common areas and in the island.
If they're above the knee they turn into shorts.
In a new house everything is white.
We have an eleven year old.
They were pretty much in good taste.
I wasn't really keeping count.
Winning a sweepstakes.
I don't really know how to resolve this.
Something back in the sixties.
I had a call the other day from Birmingham.
Running their country for them.
No income taxes in Texas.
I have many a time called him to come get me.
Where are they going to get the money?
At least in this country.
It means that I don't have to cook.
Frequently purchase and read.
It was just so realistic.
God will take care of us when it's our time.
I wish I could.
Don't overcook it though.
Everybody is there to have a good time.
Neither kid likes to practice.
You know we have to think about that.
You had pretty good luck with one coat type paint.
I hope I never have to use them.
Wouldn't have the language barrier certainly.
Monday night is real good with me.
I just finally ended up going to see it.
A pretty significantly small number.
I would like my next car to have good gas mileage.
Actually I even understood it better.
They don't want it to change their lifestyle.
Some of them were even better behaved.
Are you going to trade it in on this new one?
It's not industrial engineering.
They're saying other people were.
Driving for Thanksgiving.
He had a hot pad.
It would make me sick.
I was thrilled to death.
I just came in from outside.
Then we get out of that phase.
I know which one it is.
Which ones are you watching?
I don't think I would have insurance.
He suddenly got sick.
I think that I don't.
I do agree with you.
I guess I need to put it on paper and turn it in.
Cultural change within the management first.
Exercise is not supposed to do that to you.
The house is forty years old.
I am nervous in Dallas.
It's not that much of a bother really.
They waited a couple years.
It's the other way around.
Three hours difference.
Actually the Lions are pretty good.
In hospitals.
Survey system.
They consider it violent.
I've been there.
At the higher echelons.
Your favorite inexpensive places.
I think they need that.
I have discovered that.
That's a great salad in summertime.
My kids were quite small.
I haven't seen too many lately.
I have fun doing it.
They cross pollinate just by bees.
He's written a lot of books.
I'm just a regular looking guy.
I think that's a possibility.
We jumped in on the western tip.
We have a hot tub in the back.
Maybe we'll get your guy.
As near as I could tell.
She didn't have to do anything anymore.
I heard it on the radio.
Beyond a reasonable doubt.
Especially in the presidential elections.
She had to go back to work.
I got it right after high school.
I was going to say I always enjoyed that.
It's hard not to like it.
Who did work back in nineteen eighty six?
At first that always kind of bothered me.
There's an employment problem.
I think she has problems with that.
In rebellion against the United States.
That's kind of funny.
You have to do something.
At night you can go walking in the shallows.
Tour sort of thing.
I think that's real dangerous.
You have to really just get an accurate amount.
I remember when I was that age.
That gives us special time together too.
Except you get to taste the product instead.
I think you'll get a real kick out of it.
Under the stands.
They're actually going to extend it.
That's kind of a basic thing of economics.
They need to make a living.
See that's the thing.
No thinking involved.
Sometimes it doesn't work.
They had people who did.
I want to take a few of these.
I certainly can't argue with that.
Look at the statistics.
They just couldn't.
His side of the family.
That's probably the worst.
Neither one of us knew much about cars.
Our son's not as interested in it as our daughter.
I have to say that I'm honestly for it.
I have not been out of school that long.
It's really cute.
The test is a booger.
I just didn't know.
An undergraduate degree.
I was careful to keep her away.
It's been really good.
You are the one who signed up.
Overcast and threatening rain all day.
What do you do?
Something besides license plates and tiddlywinks.
We don't listen to any elevator music at my house.
We don't want them back this year.
That sounds really nice.
We're heavy into that too.
That is just personal feeling.
Children of my own.
I can't even remember.
The little boy dies.
I've seen Pretty Woman and Dances With Wolves.
It destroys their libido.
I've seen them on TV.
I think that is an excellent program.
I'll stick with it while it's good.
To make a little extra money.
I would much rather own my own home.
It loses it somewhere.
Who did you vote for?
It's hard for me to imagine that.
When you stop to think of it.
How much coverage?
I used to watch Sixty Minutes as a matter of fact.
What good is that?
I remember one time up in Nashville.
It is very comfortable to drive.
After five years.
Down here I haven't fished much in Texas.
I'd love to get used to that shotgun.
How long have you been in this house?
Even at home here now.
I'd probably buy another.
I just got a little booklet.
That's what I hear.
He was friends with my children.
The stepping bike.
I have such a big army outside of my place.
You can't do that.
We are really saving a lot of money.
How long are we supposed to talk for?
What kind of shoes do they wear down there?
I guess there are a few things around still.
It had to be done.
Once the children were grown.
You sort of play every now and then.
From what I can tell.
Not just some doctor's office somewhere.
He's out of there.
I was born in sixty seven.
Check our teeth once a year at least.
Is everything still pretty square?
Wasn't allowed to run a lawn mower.
The organization can use the help too.
He couldn't even check the oil.
For a hundred dollars.
That's always fun.
He's been put away.
I haven't really heard much about that recently.
When the kids get older.
Free major medical for all.
Treasury did not immediately provide a comment.
That sounds so easy.
I'm quite satisfied with the way they put it out.
There are several reasons for the confusion.
Their statistics aren't very accurate.
It is a conversion thing.
I ended up at the theater.
No reasons were provided for the decision.
It keeps you in the company.
Arts and sciences college.
Be able to play a little more.
Out into the world.
They're wonderful.
He was a movie director.
It's not your decision to make.
Give a voice to the voiceless!
We've sort of had an ideal Spring.
A junior league achievement.
Maybe they're counting on that.
Are you happy with this decision?
I've just been doing it.
It's a lot easier then.
We're not feeling too well over here.
What led to the decision to start a record label?
I picked it for a couple of reasons.
You have the chance to really create.
My husband just died.
Good housekeeping.
That's what I call home.
Are you familiar with that?
Some of that is really bad.
I can cut that much off the end.
At this point, it is what it is.
You really have to watch those interest rates.
You have to look around at the school.
In the back of our minds.
I've caught a few worthwhile snappers.
However, there is no actual way to measure this.
After we got married we moved.
That kind you've read recently.
Stay in one single family home.
He got off right away.
I found that really helps.
It's not quite that hot.
Get them out there.
Make life and death decisions for other people.
A built-in window box.
Away from his wife.
Been on a cruise.
I wasn't really.
Did you have to draw a line?
That would be tough.
The sooner we make that decision, the better.
He was talking about the three things you could do.
They don't go and see them.
They are out in six or seven.
She was delivered the next day.
I think it's interesting to look at.
Mostly just the lakes around here.
Again, our choices are not made in a vacuum.
My husband's retired.
Why they're kind of behind.
That worked out very well for you.
Trump's budget is just a proposal at this point.
This brings me to the next point.
Clearly this guy is trying to make a point.
Why was this decision made and why now?
You don't have time.
Every little bit helps.
I'm not sure I'd do that.
I can't think of the name.
Trying to stick in with that.
We saw a policeman.
There was no immediate word on any casualties.
I've been making a hot sandwich.
We chose to have our official feelings hurt.
I think nursing homes can be good.
And on that point, I have to agree with them.
It's just a couple hours.
I watched the news.
Those jurors don't know.
Meditation or whatever.
A garbage bag in the garage.
Maybe more qualified.
I was having to walk along the highway.
We send some of it out.
I don't much care about things like that.
Keeping things concise is usually the way to go.
We hope you enjoy and share us with your friends!
They both cooperate together.
She has two little boys.
We can help you make the right choice.
We like our area.
Many of our local power plants.
I feel better.
Do you enjoy working on this kind of stuff?
How did you feel it went.
You are trying to avoid paying taxes.
It's nice for them.
There's quite a few.
Don't eat the yolk at all.
He said he's been saying one more.
Aid to other countries.
This was in a bathroom too.
I like good family shows.
Just so you'll know.
After an entire semester.
I haven't been back in five years.
We do everything we possibly can as a family.
I may or may not even look at the TV guide.
Crimes and atrocities before.
I'm a single mom.
Our church each year.
It's right there at the very foot of the Rockies.
I've found some doctors.
Draw your own conclusions.
They have exercise.
Very much compared to my mother in law.
I don't care anything about that.
That's because he's probably doing what I do.
About the fourth day.
You'll have one or two that are good.
I think that's what it is.
If you really computed it.
I think they were very happy.
We are grateful for the pleasure of serving you.
One evening or something.
Twenty something.
Some really significant things coming out of it.
But the Treasury insisted that was not the case.
My husband didn't like that.
I saw that the other day.
Because their dad was at work.
If young people had to do it.
You say it is all voluntary.
Even though they didn't bring it in.
I can hear it in your voice.
I think our next car.
Which is most unfortunate because we all lose out.
Anyhow I guess we both agree.
What I saw on the news today.
I highly recommend it.
That will get them out.
Was it the right decision?
You really think so?
What did you think of the coverage of the war?
There's times I need to pay bills.
You don't see that much.
Afghan Hound and Chow.
No decisions have been made at this time.
They're up there also.
I've known people that have used a package.
Who you never expect to win.
Then it takes three weeks in all.
He attached himself to a couple of those.
What kind of business is it?
You can see the code at this point as well.
I thought it was pretty good.
I am an Asian woman with a white boyfriend.
I don't know if Dallas is in the top three.
I do plant a lot of beans.
It's so funny.
Nobody uses anything that's smaller.
They take their family.
You can get that too.
I put in a dollar.
We do have one in.
You're just a youngster then.
Now we start in May.
I'm glad that we're starting to pay our debts off.
Good storage capacity in it.
I'm in one community band here.
That's destroying the ozone.
It's too expensive.
That's what they said.
I really haven't seen any movies lately.
I may have to see the video.
There isn't any.
I work with the state.
But the thing was that I could do the job myself.
That's all I have is boys.
Seemed like the whole world.
How shall I say it?
If you didn't mind me asking.
I didn't have any answer for that one.
The taxes on gasoline don't.
Maybe that has a lot to do with it.
All you can do is put it in words.
Even doing that three or four times a week.
Obviously not of the original time schedule.
They don't see each other very often.
My point of view.
I think that's a shame they need to.
It's a real good book.
I was out in my yard yesterday afternoon.
I don't like having credit cards for every store.
He has been so pleased.
It's going to happen all the time.
That's fairly easy for me to work on.
We know what we can do.
People have to be involved.
Gardening in Texas is really interesting.
They do have a variety of topics.
From the Dallas area.
He's supposed to be.
I've been here three years.
Well there's not any.
There's a ring and you buy a present.
You wear a jacket.
I don't really care what it takes to qualify.
That's the way they wanted to do it.
An American grocery store now.
I just got married.
I use my personal computer constantly.
Who claimed that?
He'd be running with a gun.
I guess it has been a couple of years ago.
I don't really know for sure.
That's how life goes.
It was something easily forgotten.
Rent all the movies.
If I were to cook.
We have to go where there's restrooms.
How large is Williams?
Our lot in life is to make her life miserable.
Old college buddy.
That's about where I stand.
They'll do fine in their studies.
They used them in Afghanistan.
You could mail it in.
You would be susceptible to stuff.
In the Old Testament.
Those games are fun to watch.
That's what I'm majoring in.
Be familiar with it.
It's lost a lot of it's appeal since then.
They can get a real life experience.
Five hundred miles.
I don't know who looks forward to it more.
Pay for paper to recycle.
They buy a place and they just hate the area.
What's the weather doing?
That makes such a difference.
A little bit with refugees.
We moved in about four years ago.
On Monday evening.
That was outside.
I keep thinking that there's got to be some way.
Government contracts.
And so I just recently discovered jazzercise.
I absolutely loved it.
Minor problem.
I saw something the other night about it.
They'd never picked it out.
It's on the border.
Restaurant with the lions in the front.
It's collecting dust right now.
You live in Pennsylvania.
We are having a deck put on in back.
You'd think you would be.
It's getting built up.
A couple of years ago.
It's rather hard.
The question was talking about the juries.
That was just me.
You might be like I am.
At the last minute.
With what the subject matter is.
My children are all grown up.
Paid normal taxes.
I can't remember who the artist was on that.
She's never been anywhere.
It's nice to have another person there.
She is to this day.
Unless it's like a fast food kind of thing.
After that's cooked.
You're welcome anytime without notice.
If nobody complains you're all right.
Beef and broccoli strips.
Let them go.
Just a change of pace.
I believe in capital punishment.
They just maybe work harder.
I really don't want to stay in news.
They talk about wind chill here all the time.
You'd rather see it harder to convict somebody.
That's what they look at it as.
Than he thought it would be.
The course that they should go.
You still need your mother.
Little bit of soy sauce.
It would be nice to see it take a good turn here.
We've only lived here a couple of years.
Because of a service that they could provide.
It's not that far.
If there are some people who don't agree.
If you had children.
Usually don't exceed that.
We tore all the rest of them up.
Would it be appropriate to.
The other case was just traffic.
Her husband builds pianos.
You're at Baylor.
You know what eucalyptus is?
An introductory subscription.
That was his whole war.
It's Eastern Hardwood.
I didn't catch anything.
That's why they call them swimming pools.
You weren't just in their class.
So much potential.
If you want to play tennis.
You just have to keep buying them.
I've had him probably five years.
Like fifteen years.
I'm not sure how they do that.
What changes would you make?
We'd like to do a float trip down.
But of course.
I guess I would say it's not easy to find.
There are a number of good movies like that.
You're not finishing a quilt in a long time.
Maybe people are becoming more aware.
Basically it's a market survey.
I'm familiar with that one.
I have this really good recipe for this.
Because you put such a commitment on education.
Some old movie.
I don't have as much time.
Doing their part.
About the same I dress for school.
It's been real busy.
A woman prosecutor in there is murdered.
We have a female governor.
They're kind of rare.
Many other responsibilities.
I'm pretty laid back.
If the gun shop owner does it.
In your instance.
I suggested to him.
I try to catch the game every weekend that I can.
And that's what it falls under.
Is pretty unfocussed at this point.
Food pollution.
They had not been made aware.
For a long time they didn't do this.
I'm saying let's move right on.
That's nice you know.
When he went camping last year in Beavers Bend.
That was two days a week.
You know more and more of them are.
One of the things that is a problem.
In the winter I wear sweaters.
That's pretty much the south end of the state.
Were they like all in Dallas?
Treated wood will also chew them up.
This is going to be the only one.
If there was a credible punishment.
I'm up there at my kids' school.
They had a lot of them.
Do we think that the government should finance it.
That's the one drawback.
Territory and everything.
But you can't ride your bike at all in the rain.
I love going to watch a game in Arlington.
That's about what we do too.
I've been doing it for probably ten years or so.
It's better that a thousand people go free.
The stuff that happened to them.
Two usually three times a week he takes his lunch.
Your time will come.
You really need to.
If you marry somebody a little loose.
I keep saying we need to have one.
I have seen a few people do it though.
There's a little bit of brown sugar in there.
My wife and I did have a budget.
Condition of employment.
At least for the first couple of years.
Pro football.
Back to regular exercise.
I paid like about eight hundred dollars for mine.
Then they have naps or rest period.
They can't survive.
There's not many half hour shows.
Tell me about your home.
We like surprises.
I know the taxes are a lot higher.
That go on to a variety of colleges.
Do design studies or something.
It's been something else.
They've looked at I think twenty three teams.
Eventually I'm sure they will come out.
It is kind of hard.
That is a problem.
Nine year old daughter plays cello.
I felt so bad if I didn't.
To know what's going on.
It is just a real pain.
What kind of running do you do?
Do you mind if I ask what it's worth down there?
Everything has changed for me from that point on.
When we bought it.
We got pretty lucky on that.
I wouldn't take it apart.
I was thinking about throwing some.
Two seasons and that would be Spring and Fall.
I have to be real careful.
You need a special nursing home for that.
I was impressed by them.
The more tax you pay.
And I have to admit, he has a point.
In terms of demanding.
The kid's having to give up his.
That's what I was about to say.
Which one do you like?
I live in a farming community.
What is this?
We're backing it.
That's excellent advice.
There's no reason that we shouldn't do it.
I type up the tapes of what people talked about.
It's easy to check messages.
You get a lot of graphics in there.
These may be the droids you are looking for.
No decision has been taken yet on the cremation.
Illegal or something like that.
Growing up on the farm.
Wait five minutes.
For Trump, this is business as usual.
To make this whole thing work.
It's got to have those things.
I can't believe they can.
The decisions I made were mine and mine alone.
It's kind of difficult.
My wife was president.
I think this is like two years ago.
Republicans were also dismayed by the decision.
She didn't feel that public schools were safe.
I was reading the paper just this morning.
The trial is expected to reach a conclusion soon.
Department stores.
Boy, what are you doing here?
It took me a long time.
That may be our only answer.
They have a pretty good size waiting list.
I didn't even really think about it that much.
For the month.
As much as you want.
I think I'm really going to enjoy it.
You know I don't.
Have you done any jogging?
That forces you to pay for it.
I just bought a new house.
That is true, but it also misses the point.
That's getting back to a little bit chillier.
Why do you want to destroy me?
But if you really want to relax, have a massage.
Doesn't think about it.
There may have been a problem.
Please see my disclosure page for more details.
How does climate change fit into the equation?
A really good companion for me.
If someone came and heard it.
It's a tough decision, he said.
There are people who fish.
What's your second favorite?
You sound so young.
The Treasury declined to comment on the case.
We'll probably be talking to you again.
They space it out.
So you've come to a definite opinion on it now.
That was almost an example.
I had never heard of such thing.
We find something we like.
I took Spanish in school.
Might remember to do it.
They're not owning homes.
I know people say.
That's the one thing that really discourages me.
Conclusions and where to go from here.
Maybe Brian will still be up.
To go and see what it looks like.
I don't have a problem at all with employers.
Through the newspaper reviews.
Have you heard stuff about him lately?
It is a treasure trove of information.
The cost of living is super high.
They're cooperative rather than competitive.
All kinds of physical problems.
For a different company.
It doesn't seem like I get anything done.
The boy's name has not been released.
You have a couple of choices here.
I think that's a really interesting question.
What do you mean by liberal?
That was in the water.
I don't usually like them.
They would eat you.
He was still a young boy when his father died.
You mentioned the gasoline credit card.
There are no reports of casualties.
Entirely too fast.
Obama immediately said he would veto the measure.
After they've been laid off.
His worth to the NFL is immeasurable.
It's got an office down here.
To continue funding it.
See other phrases that were coined in the USA.
What kind of things are you looking for?
Every room leads to three rooms.
I had plenty of snow.
With the abortion issues and stuff.
That's easier done in a company.
She can do it.
We should see to our own lives.
I think that's all right.
A good steak or a hamburger.
It's not too hard.
Do we just go ahead?
An assistant district attorney in Chicago.
What is the point of this?
Heat a medium saucepan filled with water to boil.
Especially when you have a family.
I guess that's about all I have to say.
It protects you from acid and corrosion.
I guess we're both pretty practical.
I guess it depends on who you talk to.
This time, I had no choice in the matter.
I'm the type of person.
I don't really subscribe to anything else.
My dad wants me to go back.
I started out wanting to teach.
Did you enjoy this episode?
She really was good.
We drove down to visit friends.
I almost forgot the topic.
You got young boys or girls.
We're putting up with all her accidents.
Players come from outside of Texas.
Which brings us to the final point.
There's some nice stuff over there to see.
Thanks for discussing it.
Just our own design.
Well my children are grown.
You might ask what is the point of this?
If it's a good decision, it's on me.
Live without dessert for the most part.
Ever seen one of these bad boys?
I've heard about it.
Don't buy them that way.
They're kind of nice.
We go backpacking fifteen or twenty miles.
I see people enthusiastic about it.
Third world governments.
That everybody's fighting over.
Then you want to be in.
If somebody ruined their life.
I want to work in the flower beds.
I'm not really knowledgeable.
We get disconnected all the time.
I like amateur sports.
Usually it doesn't divide words.
A fairly good amount.
Just adjusting to that.
It's kinds of neat.
I think it's real important to have friends.
You have to fly through.
That's funny you said that.
How do I store my coins in a secure manner?
Reading it in the morning.
There are three types of measures you can take.
I think I can agree with that too.
It's an absolute savings.
I try to save that for the weekend.
If they steal they lose a thumb or a finger.
We're always paying taxes for something.
I baked them a cake.
Enjoy what you just read?
It's such a trouble here.
I'll keep that in mind.
I'm into computers all the time.
So that leaves me with a choice to make.
Amazon is expected to make a decision this year.
See a full list of closures here.
We were sitting there wondering.
A little Italian village.
Their mother's maiden name.
Day care for the shift workers.
They created a breed standard.
Front of our house.
Try to think from their point of view.
You're not going to go.
Either one of them would be a decent choice.
That is kind of wild.
I don't want to mess those up.
We found that in Jamaica.
One of the calls I'd gotten before.
They don't do that.
It was every summer we got together.
When I first saw the visuals I was hooked.
Take a seat and enjoy the ride!
How much precision do you need?
Well we're really overburdened.
Aluminum foil has a shiny side and a dull side.
Education is not a luxury item.
From seven to three.
They would have to be supported in some way.
It's been a pleasure, lets do it again.
It was the right decision.
Please add your voice to the comments below.
Then she recouped.
Do you work in private corporation or government?
Ok, so what's the point?
I grew up fishing.
I'll get straight to the point.
In retrospect, we made the wrong decision.
Switch in priorities.
It was a decision that would pay off.
That is not how the equation works.
We're expecting our first in about three months.
Do you sell them?
She stilled at the sound of her partner's voice.
I guess you just have to wonder.
Learners won't usually know what this looks like.
The measure now heads to the Illinois House.
Did you enjoy this video?
There's no trees down there.
As far as just having handguns around.
I wanted to be like all the other boys.
I watch a lot of television.
Actually this fall.
I did hear the end of the prompt this time.
I do quite a bit of business in Washington.
Hope you enjoyed this monster of a post.
Ultimately, what you do is your decision.
I really wanted to go out there and enjoy it.
I just want to make sure I enjoy every moment.
They were mainly my mother's.
I can start doing it in the evening after work.
The best exercise.
They just do so many things for you.
Africa and western parts of Asia.
Here are some key points from the briefing.
Let the water come to a boil.
I'm going to be at the top of your division.
It's a forty year old house.
I'd say about twenty four hundred.
In fact this morning when they were talking.
It's an unusual case, he said.
It's not that I'm not enjoying myself.
Yet this hopeful vision did not come to pass.
A big chunk of it's word processing.
Mishandle a weapon.
If I take the bus.
Words have the power to both destroy and to heal.
We all know that this is an amoral regime.
It's very easy for anybody to find out about you.
Rhino poaching in Asia is also on the rise.
Except like I said.
Are you going to buy a car soon?
Have been on video.
Was it a vision, or a waking dream?
I hope you enjoyed this article.
Usually, it does not last long.
They are very nice.
You have to decide that.
At that point, I really began to worry.
Probably was up to your shoulder.
It was really a joy to sit down with him.
Johnson is vowing to appeal the decision.
I remember seeing the video of it.
And he does it all with a smile and a quiet joy.
The floors are finished with a polyurethane.
There was no name to it.
I hadn't thought about that in a long time.
It was great because he did it all himself.
Have a drink of soda.
Seattle is only about two and a half hours.
However, no casualties were reported.
Members of Congress should have no illusions.
That is the point of this article.
Putting a stop to this.
Hope you enjoy the game!
Attention is what most of them need.
Essentially, a frame is a measurement of time.
Anybody in the top twenty.
The bill passed the committee by a voice vote.
You're less preoccupied with it.
At that point, it might be time to worry.
That's a possibility.
These turned out exactly as I had envisioned.
It was just frozen solid.
One is thirteen and one is eleven.
That is not an accurate way to measure tax rates.
She gave them to us.
I don't have any.
Have been at my computer all day.
What metrics will we use to measure success?
Against these people as well.
The work place environment.
She's much more alive.
There's a little bit.
Miles out.
Needs to get a lot better at the point of attack.
I did not like giving it out.
Choosing the right luxury vehicle for you.
That's starting to be published.
We'll see what we can do.
Most of us think we know the story of Detroit.
Manning said that decision meant a lot to him.
If you haven't slowed down.
Welfare state benefits.
The other driver was killed in the collision.
Oh well, no point in dwelling on the past.
It was business as usual as the band played on.
These types of incidents are not unusual.
One day we'll be able to do it.
That, he says, was the point.
It is not something that needs to be avoided.
Well I think that this kind of misses the point.
Will a shot be an ounce?
More efficient automobiles for one thing.
You can use the editor of your choice.
I think we sing better because of that.
I got a home computer too.
It was my pleasure, thank you for reaching out.
That would be a fun time for them to have it.
Maybe you'd finally go spend the twelve bucks.
It's still going on.
Your boss on the job.
Dallas Cowboys vs. Washington Redskins.
Okay, so I grew up in West Chicago, Illinois.
I won't be driving.
Three different times.
Camping with her.
What should be done to avoid all these problems?
I gained a little bit too much.
You pays your money and you takes your choice.
Don't you wish you had been able to?
Other than that, they have the usual stuff.
It sounds like you have really strong views on it.
If you are not familiar with it.
Don't allow them to sell it there.
They say you can't have pleasure without pain.
Hams were the meal.
Which I thought was interesting.
Royal Bank of Canada.
What part of your role do you enjoy the most?
I lived in Indiana for a while.
Where'd you get the car?
Ultimately, it's the player's final decision.
To donate basically their time and efforts.
They're fortunate.
Something that still has a lots of amenities.
Totally sarcastic and hilarious.
Destroying things is much easier than making them.
Enjoy having some drinks at the end of the day?
Take it to a logical extreme.
They were so destitute.
I didn't know that.
In the near future.
It's still green.
That's all right with me.
Most time they run away from you.
Now some people object during primaries.
Almost hated to come.
We have a friend that lives two blocks over.
Camping of some sort.
That's a kind of low risk sort of project.
Some of my things.
Other plastics are acceptable.
They sold the piano.
It keeps everything wet.
Even if it's smoking.
It's only getting worse exponentially.
Do you like classical?
That's what you find.
All the time while it was doing it.
Little by little.
Young people to be.
You just don't have any time to do anything.
About four hundred showed up.
I couldn't afford to start again.
What the qualifications of the teachers' were.
The second thing is.
If they're Hispanic or if they're black.
I do also watch television news.
A strange case that.
What they feel necessary.
Especially in the theater it was contagious.
She was wonderful.
A couple years ago.
I drive a Honda most of the time.
A therapist by trade.
Put it under twenty pounds.
What kind of fondue?
As soon as we use something.
Probably a little bit older than you are.
A real big cocaine bust.
Have you ever camped on sand?
I think that's good.
That's really a terrific feeling.
It makes me nervous.
Do you have horses?
Do you receive discounts and things like that?
You had to have the help.
Were you all transferred?
A lot of the restaurants you can get two.
We used to try to get together.
It's not like I'm going home.
A lot of my aunts and uncles live near him.
They had some real fancy names for them.
It's nice out there.
It was so difficult to go on a regular basis.
Stay there till eight o'clock.
At the end of seasons.
The extent of the abuse.
It's much more convenient to have one at home.
We were planting flowers this weekend.
That's a bit of a drive for you there.
Those have been real popular with my family.
Forty dollars every two weeks.
It was quiet and restful.
We still have a lot of privacy.
We just wipe it right away before it dried.
When you work out.
Change things a little bit.
If it costs them something.
I'm going to have to move fast.
Again there's the question are we in the market.
Wall Street or the New York Times.
Yeah I was the same way too.
The couple lives in Pittsburg.
All nights and weekends.
More activity on our part.
Not just the facts.
It's just a different lifestyle.
Proponent of liberal arts education.
The water pulley split laterally in half.
Do you have just one paper.
More dedicated to the issues.
Water into this bowl.
That people know about themselves now.
Without charging people.
Four year old Subaru and a two year old Honda.
It's quite a bit different now.
Not as much as I remember growing up.
I couldn't care about any of it.
I just can't do it.
Sitting there wasting away.
Rent a car when you get there and all that.
The further away I get.
We used to do that.
It seems like if you're getting to that level.
The problem is she's a school teacher.
Sewing up the garment itself.
You don't have much spare time either.
I enjoy that too.
As soon as things do get public.
When she came up here.
A couple of problems.
If there's anything specific.
I don't really like it.
Out of the state.
I don't know how long you've been here.
Trying to get people interested in your school.
He actually gained from it.
You cover it.
Fertilizers and things you buy.
Which isn't very often.
That's all fine and good.
Fifteen year olds and a twelve year old.
I put all the money into it.
If it's going to really promote a lasting peace.
I'm a radio person I guess is what I mean.
I really feel that.
He has a terrible weight problem.
I think they are smart enough.
When I came back here.
She isn't alive any more.
There was a story of a woman last year.
I'm a West Texan.
These are the ages of the kids.
Wherever you buy your paint.
Am I going to stand for that?
Our daughter found her and brought her to us.
We built a shed over the long way.
You do have a separate area.
It's the one that I grew up with.
We used to like watching.
It's real pretty.
Your final exam is a three mile walk.
A lot of it goes down to just money.
I had no idea what it was.
In the district.
He came out with the second one.
Then it won't be too bad.
I think its relevance is pretty limited.
They're parking the cars.
One thing or the other.
Have you heard of it?
I work as a news reporter.
Some other kind of thing.
That's a previous generation.
Deserves punishment by death.
I like Chicago.
I do like reading books like that.
It doesn't pay any interest.
The house payment.
That's probably a pretty nice place to go.
Ranging from progressive rock to jazz.
They try to stay in office.
What movies have you seen recently?
She spends lots of money on them.
Loneliness is the closest you can come.
People are crazy.
That they ought to.
We started watching again.
Well I guess I also have been reading.
He pops up on the Dallas scene quite often.
Really not the same.
It's kind of losing its importance.
I do things kind of simple.
This is a little bigger than a teacup.
It has just been a really nice spring.
To help decide what's the right thing.
Have all this fine Mexican food.
It was good weather.
I'm going to school while I'm working.
Be careful about that back then.
They don't recognize any time difference.
That's great.
But I guess you're always on call for it.
I might like to be.
I was in the service.
When our daughter was looking at colleges.
It's a real mixture.
Kind of a ivory color all over.
Some types of furniture.
Because she makes clothes.
Four hundred hours.
We like the water sports too.
I still go to right back to what I said.
What's the name of this book again?
It's not anything elaborate.
I kind of set that aside and just pay for it.
The industry in the state.
He had to stay home.
I had to change the water in that.
They made it to the sweet sixteen.
I remember when I was real little.
Most of the parents.
Millions of hobbies.
One for a total ban.
I can't say that.
It's American made too which is good.
I just crept over forty years old.
My parents always said if we wanted a car.
If you get pleats.
I kind of like the Cowboys I guess.
I feel bad when I see the inefficiency.
I'm about eight miles south of it.
I think I went by location for one thing.
It's fine.
Just jumped right into the job.
He's going to.
I have a standard.
Well I fell in love with this.
Do not even bother.
Taking what you're saying at face value.
Mine looks real good.
The lower cholesterol foods and stuff.
The headlines on the news.
Her life was a lot simpler.
You just have to decide.
Just let me see what I got.
Isn't that interesting.
A person's heart can be changed.
She's more famous for that.
What's going on in the city council?
That was back in my granddaddy's day.
It's Channel Thirteen.
Not one dime is deducted from his check.
It's pretty soon.
She'd just get on the first step and lay down.
They're real difficult to catch.
I have a really easy recipe for that.
I need to get better at it though.
I grew up in Alabama.
Maybe south.
So I can wander around.
What are you doing with that?
If I had all the money I wanted.
Sleeping bags.
Instead of being completely penned up.
That's not so bad.
In a way it's not.
It shouldn't be that way I don't think.
Voiceover, dialog, spoken text, script, or lyrics.
I have not gone back lately.
What do you think of the spoilers?
They pay so much of it.
Many of the casualties are women and children.
Between the rows and all.
Speaking of noise.
I have no choice but to complete the mission.
What are some of the benefits of visualization?
How do you measure it?
This is the vision that we have.
But there was also a sad little voice in my head.
So it's not all that unusual.
Is that what comes in those little blocks?
A very true axiom.
It was a tough decision.
You usually have to grow up with it to enjoy it.
It's pretty much filled up right now.
We don't take the newspaper to begin with.
How do you make a genre film your own?
She asked them there if there was some.
It might let more people get off.
Tax year of eighty one.
Her brow furrowed in confusion.
Bring the pot to a boil.
As usual, he did an amazing job.
Help guide some craft programs.
I think it's a great idea.
What's the problem with business as usual?
What have your shows been like to this point?
Through natural understanding.
I tend to listen to the classical music.
So much about that movie.
When I was growing up.
Eyes are the same color and everything.
I wanted something else to do.
So, this is just a starting point.
But at this point the facts speak for themselves.
I'm not sure what happened.
What do I have to do? she asked, her voice wary.
His story is not unusual.
That's a wonderful way to get off jury duty.
It's just too high.
Who was raised by Christian parents.
It's a very short drive to areas near here.
Especially when it feels like there is no point.
Above all, what I want to do is enjoy it.
A certain percentage.
Germany is a case in point.
Both sides are bracing themselves for a decision.
Want to get rid of excess moisture in your home?
At some point, enough is enough.
I am kind of a hobbyist.
Manage your app in the Azure portal.
I think those guys should be done away with.
But when I do, it usually brings me joy.
Decision will be based on 'science and evidence'.
I made a decision in a moment of madness.
We had the same kind of problem.
Have a less conscientious effort.
They were told that.
A lot of restaurants don't take.
Reports on the occasion of the sixth anniversary.
I don't do much with it.
That's why they were opposed to it.
Passing that on to each other.
Go here to register, and let your voice be heard.
We are, quite simply, at a tipping point.
Let us come to a conclusion.
Did the drug testing thing after that.
There's a whole bunch of people.
I could get a real good paying job.
No casualties were reported.
But he says the exact number is hard to pinpoint.
They didn't have enough teachers.
I think it would be fairer.
We apologize for the confusion this caused.
He slapped me and pointed the gun at my head.
The meanings of those words.
Hope you all enjoy!
I know it's older than the Regency.
Less in Collin County than it is in Dallas County.
Investment is also affected by the tax regime.
Is there a price point or release date in mind?
They should have been in there longer.
Voice of the People.
Interesting to watch.
I work in a machine shop.
When he comes, the final decision will be made.
South East Asia is a huge growth market.
They are real people and they are interesting.
That's the National Endowment for Arts.
If he's going to do it.
Actually I am reading a couple of different books.
That decision is expected early next week.
They're dangerous.
That that will come about.
You can avoid this problem in two ways.
Stay safe, and enjoy your time out there.
When they cut in and say.
But it's so darn expensive to go over.
And yet how many of us have ever heard his voice?
Are you involved in any other?
How old are you all.
It's still there.
That was a turning point in the war.
Excuse me one second.
The nursing home.
She hasn't talked to anybody.
He leaped out of the way to avoid being struck.
If there's no economic benefit.
There's always going to be a dispute.
Kind of a picnic in the woods type thing.
They don't make pragmatic decisions.
I think we have one of the nicest yards.
The top headlines are always a murder.
It's very successful for some.
Not identify yourself to the government.
You're not ridged right.
I haven't talked to them this weekend.
I get things done faster.
She is into a little bit of everything.
This isn't for me.
A little nativity scene.
Less than half the trials.
Let's get to the inevitable conclusion.
Sell you magazines.
However, I could sort of understand the decision.
So at one point I had a snake.
At the same point.
Pedestrians were reminded to avoid the area.
Local high school.
To be my two favorite shows.
Since I do a lot of projects.
You are on your way to getting more exposure.
Even though you can use it however you want to.
From my apartment.
I believe that I have made my point.
Well what do you do on your yard.
It is Atlanta.
To where the children are.
So it's been real fun here to see.
That my civil rights had been violated.
You know whose buying them.
Think about this.
They had a program on.
We've given up.
If he got in trouble.
It never really penalizes.
Maybe you will get lucky and get a girl this time.
I missed that one.
My mom and dad got it set up.
A lot of people complain saying well.
For the rest of you, enjoy.
The past few weeks are a case in point.
We just got a disk the other day.
Sadly, there has to be a collision.
At that point in time it felt like a Hail Mary.
There was only like two or three.
That's what I had the opportunity of.
I know Dave Fox.
I think he can be.
What am I thinking of?
Like cheeses or fruits or vegetables.
If someone is ill.
I think it's great.
The way you handle garbage.
It was supposed to be this June.
That did the damage.
In Europe.
A nursing home.
We're getting ready to go.
We like to go miniature golfing and to movies.
Taking them out to the show.
I never have done it.
I just haven't gotten that dedicated yet.
I remember it.
It's very impressive.
Think about how many automobiles there are.
It's like seventy degrees here right now.
My mother was real heavy into crafts.
Like in emergencies.
My medical coverage.
Well actually they're my husband's pets.
What kind of pet do you have?
Nonfiction lately.
If you have an accident and no one's injured.
I suppose you could use that.
She took it with her.
My family's not very big.
It becomes more evident.
They are doing such a terrific job back there.
Are those the big ones?
Do that because I have to pick it up.
I would like to see them go through either.
It's the tallest building on the west side.
Well I'm one of those rare guys.
There's a good point.
They're burning that diesel fuel.
It just kind of feeds itself.
They leave it up to you and your judgment.
I didn't realize.
All of her dreams will be dispelled.
It seems like the stuff that they put out now.
Hike up those mountains.
Even the generation before me.
I'm a former athlete in a sense.
I kind of like to do a little bit of sewing.
If it does the job.
It seems silly.
That is the reason I don't.
On the first floor.
I think I would have done a lot better.
I just like getting out.
Ignore the others.
Decide on a pass.
About three or four years old.
That's before your time.
Doesn't seem like we have got much.
They just try and make it a personal thing.
You think that would be a deterrent.
That's exactly what I have.
It was quite popular.
Their success rate is very high.
Is this Pat I'm talking to now?
People would leave.
What's the season?
I teach at a public school.
That will come back up.
I like just about anything.
They're going to school.
Who do you work for?
Sent out a survey.
It's a community center.
That's one thing that I wish we had more of.
Do they give any limits on alcohol?
It seemed to me.
I don't know that spending more always gets it.
I still didn't want her to go to a day care.
Why should I even vote?
I know two women.
We've wound up sending in one.
It's different staying home too.
Now it's coming back into favor.
Families are facing a challenge.
I don't care for rock.
We camped next to one.
What recourse do you have?
Are kind of suspenseful.
The glands had been removed.
Maybe get involved in a league.
I hope you'll find him.
Most of her friends are working women.
I have had a little.
In the best part of the city.
I grew up on blue grass music.
Some people are going to.
Thirty day notice for what?
I'm glad you are.
Before they go to work.
It's kind of more of a country setting.
It was kind of getting to me.
Criminal history.
That would be a mess.
I just don't see it like that.
I've done that before.
I haven't been over.
It would have been fantastic.
He's just so big.
They gave us a special deal.
What do you call those things?
Just within the last three weeks.
What a coincidence.
It is not going to happen that way.
Exact amount that we spend on that each year.
Especially as they got older.
We had one of the financial companies.
You like the motels.
What kind of cooking do you do up there?
They go all the way up to the Supreme Court.
How do you view this whole subject?
That was a scream.
Special interest groups can blow up.
So that's gone now.
Then I won't tell you.
That's what I did when I was growing up.
She has a young boy.
We always do though.
When my father worked there.
Every time I do something.
Really annoy a lot of people.
I'll have to admit I don't.
I work with adolescents.
My sister in law is going to have a baby.
I mean it's great to be well rounded.
The religious organizations.
You teach middle school.
I had the grades to go to college.
This is how an opera is supposed to be.
When things don't go right.
If I had a little cheddar cheese.
His lips are moving.
The weather is wonderful.
Whom I knew and how they were going to vote.
Clay pigeons, things like that.
Maybe you wouldn't like Randy Travis.
They're cutting back.
I would hope we could do that.
They shoot somebody.
I don't want to call her a baby sitter.
That would be good.
I did well in school.
I don't see much pollution going on.
That's it a lot of the time.
This summer we went to Orlando for a week.
As a matter of fact there's three of them.
Is it flooding anywhere?
Men can do housework just as easily as women.
It depends on the subject actually.
I like that one too.
I missed out this last year.
Didn't have a place to put them.
I don't see things changing really.
That was impression I got when I was there.
I know how they do it.
That's where I need to go.
He does the yard.
Do not just buy a coin then wait for it to go up.
Thoroughly enjoy.
Pictures and projects that you can make yourself.
They want me to be a good boy.
We try to do everything we can together.
We had eight boys and one girl.
Also swims in college.
More of the volunteer network service.
Unless you're playing it.
What happens if I miss the occasional dose?
Average intelligence or something.
In the event of a separation or whatever.
If you had a choice of your car.
We are going to go to.
When I had my magazines at home.
The jury that sentenced him.
Have pretty good meals.
I have people that want to go to Dallas.
I think he's up in an attic.
Everything is just down everywhere.
Military service is not that much.
Can use all the revenue they can get.
I wish I knew more to tell you why.
I mean she actually asks to go out.
Well that's close to here.
Would have liked to have seen it.
Voluntarily give it because someone asks.
All this kind of stuff.
Now it doesn't bother me at all.
Just like a pig I mean.
Before I retired.
How long were we supposed to discuss for?
I'm not sure how much that holds true anymore.
We've been here for twenty five years.
Not like the eagle.
The story was a very dramatic story.
For a new job.
This bingo place.
They camp out and we spend weekends.
Have to have a darn good reason.
That's a legal way of getting the guns.
Illinois State at North Dakota State.
You're not using any any energy.
That's a long time.
What keeps you doing that?
At least the modern world today.
I lived in Detroit.
I'm not real sure how that goes.
Changes have occurred at all.
Go one way or the other.
I lived there.
I know that the elderly can easily be abused.
At the present time.
Which I understand is a really good.
Let me ask you the question.
My son was just dying for a bird.
That's a lot of people.
Not going to run again after this.
Time and mistakes and they're both inevitable.
Get serious about cleaning.
Dishes that are fixed in a Chinese restaurant.
What have you done.
That's why I said.
I couldn't believe how much.
In other words, there is a choice.
I don't carry cash around.
You got your calipers there.
Budgeting and some extra things.
He called in to get somebody on the line.
She has been writing for adults also.
Oh yeah young mothers.
They seem to loose it.
In town, she does okay.
Then, add soil to the bottom of your bonsai pot.
This brings me to my next point though.
I sometimes think that.
At work that does that.
In any event, my decision was made days ago.
I don't know what you do with them at that point.
If I want to do that.
Cohen has denied any collusion with Russia.
We just made a decision and moved on.
One of the questions they asked.
Hope you enjoyed it!
The big one I thought was very commercialized.
It just seems like a lot of it's going to waste.
The death penalty.
That idea fits me exactly.
We put this stuff on.
It wasn't creative.
Have something to do with it.
Go over there and rebuild all those.
There's not that much of a check.
Your point of view and I think that's neat.
When they were coming up.
Renamed their jobs.
Age or even physical.
Do you have a rotor tiller.
This was when the Peace Corps first are started.
What do you think?
Right now I think.
It's totally ridiculous.
I guess I haven't seen too many movies lately.
That's another one.
That's kind of blood and guts.
Regular pitching and my eleven year old.
Effective punishments.
I would not have.
They beat him up and took his gun and shot him.
Poor or in between.
It's kind of early.
Employees have all the rights that workers have.
Sort of dangerous to be out there.
They had left.
Race and things like that I mean right now.
Luckily someone came by and gave me a ride.
They're so young.
Let the voice of the People be heard!
Those people simply did not have access to safety.
I wish if they were going to do it.
Charges against the boy have been dropped.
Maybe now things are calming down again.
That's a hard issue.
I mean a lot of people do it really the reverse.
The policeman's associations.
That they have started.
My Mother used to put that curse on my sister.
I certainly am too.
I think we're terribly taxed.
Be safe, take your time, and enjoy the views.
It's not enclosed.
Since I've become a parent.
At this point, Mr Williams was on the ground.
Just at the end of the month.
And they both enjoy it.
She wheeled it out on a cart.
I figure I'm only taking on the weekend.
It actually fell on the right day.
You were just up there then.
He's out for good.
Police are investigating the collision.
Try some of your baking.
I'm a junior in college now.
Braves didn't win.
Now I have two little kids.
Budgeting activity in our household.
I think it's a foregone conclusion.
There's too many toxins and bacterial growth.
Eventually the decision was made.
This can be seen as a measure of expertise.
Just when I thought I really enjoyed my hobby.
Then you remove it.
Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they.
That's way out of my reach.
I couldn't even think of what you call them.
Doesn't want to die on me.
A pair of shorts and that's it.
They lived on a farm.
I tended some children.
Give you a run for your money.
Hanging on his clothes.
Once you get something fancy.
I didn't watch them.
Have you ever played baseball?
I don't know which artist is which.
All the problems.
You hate seeing them.
Some of the news periodicals.
I was mostly interested in the baseball stuff.
A natural gas.
I can't remember where I went to take them.
I don't believe everything they say.
I mean we're talking thirty years ago.
The public puts up with it.
You don't need any philosophy at all in school.
What was the last car repair you had.
Have you done any recently?
That's been a real big plus.
I think it's three bedroom or two bedroom.
What a light show.
How do you feel about it?
I think he deserves every penny of it.
Either state or federally funded.
It's just where society is right now.
We didn't really have one.
You aren't a Sesame Street fan?
You sit there in a crowd.
It would work out.
I think I see some change in attitudes there.
It's really hard to say.
As soon as I had them.
Today was pretty.
I can't imagine that well.
At least you'll get very good at it.
Those early ages.
Saves you a little bit money.
Having really top notch service.
I'm in the legal department.
On our honeymoon.
There's something about working with wood.
I totally agree with that.
It covers the bulk of the dental expenses.
Past the first playoff game.
It's tough on the joints if you jog on concrete.
It was beautiful.
Hondas have great resale value.
It really is not a bad summer at all.
That's to be expected.
This is probably typical though.
We see our son and his wife.
But never the snakes.
When a teenage boy comes into his manhood.
It probably comes from where you are.
When I go home.
We all had snack time together.
You can enjoy your hobby together.
Go in the direction of a market driven economy.
Even that's good.
The government doesn't have to deal with it.
I like country and western.
Whatever you like.
Indeed it really is.
It's a brand new book.
What would be more efficient about it?
They're not the most exciting pet to have.
What she did with them during the day.
Always got a place for you.
I think it's a very long day.
You're working on your doctorate.
I'm watching SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE here.
Do you watch cartoons a lot?
It'll start stacking up.
Relatively nice environment.
You know that's hurting us.
It'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it.
Don't any of those ever come to Pittsburgh.
When you leave a job.
I don't know it depends.
That was excellent.
Kind of all over the place.
How about when you were in Colorado?
I wish they would require it.
It's where all the executives are.
We've been able to do what we can.
A high rise for elderly people.
It rains a lot.
Swimming never gets much glory.
I always do my own income tax.
On the way to school.
It would probably take the whole news hour.
They're not done on a regular basis.
Unless you have a lot of deductions.
Now I have kids there.
It's a great place.
Scanned across the little bar code on our bin.
Every once in a while.
That was about it.
Go help put the kids to bed.
You never see them.
Have you had any adventures on your camping trips?
They live with us.
The penalty phase.
May be a good investment.
I've only seen snow once this year.
I forget what you call it.
We used to stir fry a lot.
We just couldn't.
They're just awful.
I went to my exercise class one day.
I don't know if you have them in your area.
You have got to have it.
I'm going to say you have an accent.
Been cutting the teachers salaries.
It gets a little bit of everything.
I work in the waiver.
A bunch of psychiatrists.
All the services are costing more money.
I'd like to know that.
I'm a quality manager.
I'm so disgusted with the Democratic party.
They're always saying that somebody's going.
That time is minuscule.
It's just a matter of passing the law.
Public relations.
On one of the local talk shows here.
I kind of miss out on most of the current events.
It's kind of like drawing this line.
Contractors and builders.
I think that's one thing that was important.
I don't use a calculator either.
I thought they're crazy.
I didn't quite understand it.
It makes me feel bad.
Then they ought to.
They report facts.
If you plan a year ahead.
Is she going to stay home?
When I bought my car.
We don't listen to the radio at work at all.
We rent a lot of movies.
Board of Supervisors.
I also made a little thing for a baby gift.
He couldn't deal with it.
You made me do this.
I listen to a song.
Until it was nice and brown.
It didn't matter.
America's losing it.
These people would never be able to get it.
There's probably some of each.
They're doing a lot of research here.
It seems absurd that people will pay.
The wind normally blows.
Regular gas engine.
Blizzards now have a new visual effect.
I know that one of the day cares.
What work are you in?
Just the regular channel.
It's nothing like what it used to be.
They're very comfortable.
In this equation, there are two variables.
How did you make a quilt?
But I'm sure I'm just being paranoid.
Raised in this area.
They turn them loose.
I think we usually have a frost in October.
What was the actual starting point for the story?
I bet you it is a Dutch iris.
A lot of people choose to.
Well I know about it.
I just wanted more news.
She wanted her voice to be heard.
What do you usually do as far as budgeting.
It looked like something out of Africa.
Where was that at?
Your going to have to expect that to happen.
So we don't have to have quite as strict.
What was going on there.
You consider how much.
Regardless whether it's north Dallas or whatnot.
There was no point in dealing with him.
Like that girl in New York that got beat up.
I would probably pick Sam Huff.
My voice has always been right in front of you.
Last year or the year before.
Attorneys care about justice.
I got a twelve year old.
TV's a surrogate parent.
Your decisions are bad and you should feel bad.
I can't remember offhand what time.
To me it's amazing.
This is a turning point, he said.
Then it's random and that's not necessarily fair.
I have enough of that in my own life.
I'm trying to.
I've nailed the problem down.
It's not David, is it?
And that gets me to my point.
A certain kind of sound.
Inside the jail there.
You are in New York right now.
I've seen a lot of people that do that.
I don't have a real love for Miami anyway.
Vision for the future.
Raise my children.
I don't know what the solution is.
CIA spokesman Dean Boyd declined to comment.
What area of the country do you live in?
They want the fun part.
I saw City Slickers.
I think that a majority of the places in the United States.
Your feedback is welcome, as usual.
Thank you for participating.
There's a couple of things that really bother me.
You can do graphs.
Any sports or anything like that?
Magazines and bills.
Left here in seventy six.
Your voice needs to be heard.
I bet it had a pretty coat too.
That when you say everybody get out of it.
Have a half bath downstairs.
And hey, that leads us to our next point.
Do you go see a lot of musicals?
Hope you enjoyed this tutorial.
More areas where they would pick it up.
Out in the Soviet Union right now.
That wasn't a standard.
Cream sauce with it and you pour it over rice.
We stand with all those who share this vision.
What changes do we see.
They're going to have to go to the source.
It's just brilliant.
I enjoyed some of those stories so much.
Their own power structure.
It slices great.
I was the one that did the least poorly.
I had one cat for eighteen years.
They have your identification.
All those European countries.
It was just wonderful.
Mostly it dealt with.
A lot of those are really violent type movies.
There's life in there.
It had real good tips.
I see him out there.
I don't know what per month.
They can just dip it.
My whole family's home.
I do feel it is.
One of those interests.
Well I really did not know.
Field of dreams was good.
Side dishes and appetizers.
That was our last tour.
Exactly what things are.
It was very nice talking to you.
When I changed those over.
You come out positive.
Here in Texas they don't have snow.
It tastes differently.
He's really affectionate.
I love cheese cake.
I did Peace Corps training there.
Then we came back and ate.
She feels that way.
Now that's another one I wanted to see.
I would have more problem.
One in the morning and one in the evening.
We enjoyed having her here.
Have you had any experience with it at all?
I really dislike those.
You don't look at it.
I've got a two year old and a four year old.
I wouldn't see it.
That was kind of funny.
I have heard that's real good.
Why not have the whole service.
On top of the federal tax on gasoline.
They're not really cabins.
It's kind of pricey.
Something like that they call it.
I know you would.
Up in Minnesota where I am now.
I've been cut off twice.
To make it more homelike.
Ours is not a working farm.
We're going to go vote.
With the nice lids.
Tried to break that off.
I work at the Applied Research Lab here.
A whole lot to do with it.
You've got to work for a living.
I live right near White Rock Lake.
That is horrible.
I was just real curious when you said Middle East.
Rather than just quitting where we did.
I'll have a friend next to me or I see somebody.
Life of a person.
That's pleasurable for all of us.
One on every hook.
In terms of Colorado.
Did a lot of growing up.
He just quit a perfectly good job.
Biscuits and gravy.
Just channel eight.
Personal computers and level of interest.
You can tell when you go around cities.
The training bit.
Can ask for delays and extensions.
A good appearance to do a good job where you work.
My dad is a big blue grass fan.
The man who was doing the separating.
Taking care of them and maybe putting flowers in.
That is pretty much like my husband.
I think it's four cups of flour.
Then by all means they should have the right to.
I usually put garlic powder in mine.
The type of music.
On the space frontier.
We figure we'll get the kids.
They had been going to it for years.
Sort of like an exchange program.
Because it's not next day they have.
Not to go the same time all the time.
What you're describing is actually a conflict.
That I think should change.
Civil things that clog the courts.
I wouldn't want them to be on drugs.
And it's a real turn off to see.
I couldn't understand.
It was like I was sitting on the edge of my chair.
A software engineer and I work in the software.
I think that'd be neat.
I come from Florida.
If I'm lucky.
Having to do more with the size of the school.
I love to run in the rain.
You keep up on it all the time.
I have five in the kitchen at the moment.
I think he'd like that one.
Our baby's quilt.
If you happened to close it on him or something.
I'd be tried by a jury.
Some days it just rings off the wall.
Lose your job and everything.
Friction between us.
I don't know what to do if you can't afford it.
I try to make sure.
That sounds nice.
That is really upsetting.
Is this some sort of a disease?
My wife kind of laughs.
All of the stations seem to be pretty good.
It's the taxes here.
Orthodontic care.
They didn't go to vote against.
It doesn't matter if you want to be a nurse.
Well that's a neat idea.
Maybe if they ever get to the point.
Handle and perform better.
That's because I'm allergic to the grass.
Should he be for this and on and on and on.
As far as this country is concerned.
He would get all upset.
At least we hope it will.
I have a garden.
That helps a lot.
You just have to pick something.
How many cats do you have?
I've had the same experiences.
You don't have quite as much money.
What did he teach?
A little over five thousand miles.
No that's really when I grew up.
I wanted to get to the silence of the lambs.
Twelve or fifteen thousand miles.
I guess I'm like a lot of other people.
I think the majority are in that.
That's always good.
It's going to be hard to.
I don't understand.
A lot of days I'll get two and three calls.
On our closest neighbors like Mexico and Canada.
I would love to.
You do have government money to fund.
That was pretty heart rending for her.
They don't have a disk drive.
Boy I'd sure like to.
It does a lot for you I think.
When the earthquake hit.
That can't be good for Los Angeles either.
I don't know what it's like.
I like to visit with my company.
Do you belong to that?
Then don't pay it.
I'm sure it creates a large amount.
Really major job.
If it's going to make any effect.
I just pushed that in.
I seem to feel the same way.
I've got about twelve tickets in the mail.
About three years ago.
You would like it.
In the operating room a lot.
It got to be pretty big.
That's why I don't do as much as I'd like.
We camped at the DeGray State Park in Arkansas.
It seems to be validated by the press.
I do not know what.
When you make that point.
This was in Louisiana.
She was in there first.
I think that would be a wonderful way to do it.
Why don't you go ahead and start?
Last week we got a lot.
Everybody hopes that.
Where you live now.
I don't really like the Pirates.
We'll have we reached our limit.
I don't know why it's so hard to find.
Preparing is a real problem.
What are the ages of your kids then?
I don't really particularly like but.
I don't remember which other one it was.
Six weeks later they're back to work.
Some of the time.
Sign papers that say this is yours.
They've come from so far down.
Come down about halfway.
What the kid was doing.
Its got a lot of bedrooms and bathrooms.
We've kind of driven these people out.
You can still get a good idea.
Go to anything that's real expensive.
Everything's geared towards young.
Much more to contribute to the topic.
The lenses for cameras.
Our band practice is on Monday night.
Two and a half hours to get there.
A vegetable garden.
We decided to stay.
Up a couple of feet.
If it's paper it will probably shred.
We're just more or less at American Express.
I don't know how familiar you are with Maryland.
You really aren't isolated.
Everybody just loves it.
Now that the grandkids are here.
Within two days of each other.
We had an occasion.
I don't even know.
I bought a Lincoln and I like it.
This is their compensation.
I don't know that anybody knows the answers.
You take it easy.
Which is a good thing.
We have an investment plan.
Happy to go hiking.
I can never quite stay current with that.
The end of the Civil War.
Worked most of my life.
The creek overflows.
You got some lakes around you can do that.
You probably get this.
They're both very good.
Working in that condo.
In the case that you brought up.
We do get an awful lot of music.
I probably have one of every credit card there is.
I feel really bad that it's turned so much.
I have a friend who is working.
If you could include that in benefits.
Let's say typical.
We've had our way of life.
We go out with friends.
Well I'm definitely for it.
I mean I guess you could take those off too.
To compensate for some of the benefits.
I absorbed all of that movie in one sitting.
Oklahoma's nothing like it.
How strong is it?
I've just been called.
I know my daughter saw that and she liked it.
Our kids might be in a great school.
I used to have a Chevy.
Just being around young people.
Her last sister died.
Practice makes perfect.
I do remember demonstrations.
Eighty years or so.
We went to Carmel.
I don't know if you've tried it.
Is in good standing in America and China.
Perhaps not in Dallas.
We got ripped off buying our new car.
Even when he's sad.
Sometimes it gets to be excessive.
My next trip is going to be to Texas.
You can do it as long as you want.
They can provide for society.
I came in backwards.
It was not necessarily local.
It's interesting we got this topic.
You can't stop people.
You're from where?
Evidently was elected president.
Maybe they will come through.
That's mostly my son's.
From business people.
We have a huge chemical data base.
In some of the more crowded states.
They love violent leaders.
The same city or county.
I wore suits.
Just get rid of them.
Lo and behold.
They had to abide by the rules.
Tomatoes grow like crazy at our house.
I tend to agree with you.
If you don't pay it off within that month.
I'm not the one who writes the orders.
Not going from side to side.
What are you thinking about buying?
There needs to be a line drawn somewhere.
Some people seem fairly well suited.
What did he say about it?
He didn't make it.
This is before I was born.
Get around to it.
Cars passing their emission tests.
I doubt if zucchini is in there.
They have to be in charge.
I like the classics too.
This is ridiculous.
Some more than others.
There is kind of a set pattern to it.
My kids were born.
Did you have training in singing?
Just pocket change to a lot of people.
We're living longer and people are less trusting.
Most dogs do that.
It helps you hang onto your roots.
We have incredible property taxes down here.
Well I'm going to.
We're not quite up to that sort of thing.
She enjoys that kind of stuff.
They just had this jewelry account.
They seem to be.
You have one floor all to yourself.
I think they only have four boys.
It's easy to say.
Seventy nine degrees.
With other things going on.
Some more jewelry.
Is it Legend?
Did you see any of those?
I didn't feel like she was mature enough socially.
It's not as severe.
Tell them some of the things we're doing.
You don't want to do that.
Even what you recycle.
They were very flexible.
I never did get into them.
I've always had a big interest.
It gets a little aggravating.
They've got a nice one.
I wonder what the next generation will be like.
There was no structure.
We tried to do it every other month.
For a while I was doing it every day.
Would you like me to go first?
I'm not good enough for that.
They got some interaction with someone.
My son has a cat.
She went through three housekeepers.
They were very good.
Just moved here.
I mailed off a check but then it was too late.
That would be great.
I noticed those dogs.
In my married life.
Eligible for a fine.
I mean you can just sit.
The worst quality of food.
Go to the dining room.
I produce quite a bit of trash.
Jeans aren't exactly professional.
He always got this.
We would want to invest.
You've got to do something.
A lot of other companies will.
Well we have one through work.
Sounds like a place where I grew up.
It's not that big a thing this year.
Crimes are probably solicitation of prostitution.
Depending on my size.
I've always kind of enjoyed it.
We really didn't plant anything.
I live near a Walmart.
One of the best things to do.
We were heavy into affirmative action.
It's kind of fun.
You've got half a string quartet there.
So many of them nowadays.
That wouldn't be too bad.
When he sees it to his advantage.
It's a precious movie.
That make a decent salary.
I don't have any good ideas.
Then it gets to where he can't.
And I think it's showing up in their automobiles.
If I miss something big deal.
I thought it was great.
I just keep them.
Through to the system.
It would be nice but I kind of like the freedom.
It looked to me like it was a real submarine.
A longer period of time.
When I was still smoking.
We're retired now.
They're coming from various places.
It's going to be from the ground up.
Denies you a driver's license.
Put them by the curb.
They pick that up on Monday.
Have you noticed that?
Miles per hour to kilometers per hour.
A lot of people they flunk out.
There's not a lot of pressure to.
It's a lot of fun.
It's going to be on a cruise.
I do not have one of my own at home.
People will have batteries.
Whatever works for you.
Used tremendously.
I would back them a hundred percent.
It's the first time he's ever been gone like this.
The baby is young.
I really don't have any problem.
A job to make money.
I know there's not any food that you can get.
I know I want a big family area.
House robberies.
Whether one might conceive.
Would not be an unreasonable thing.
The weirdest fishing experience I ever had.
Covered all the subject.
Our shepherd was almost thirteen years old.
Domino's a real good dog.
We've got some this year.
Rains a little too often.
Which I thought was a lot.
Especially for repeat offenders.
The situations are out there.
You didn't have home computers.
It's like God changes your heart to not do that.
Yes and I think we do get pretty good coverage.
Do they like it where they have tents?
All right I'm ready to go.
Post high school.
On occasion I can wear jeans.
That kind of reminds me.
How many times have you called by the way?
We really had a good time.
Cut money on your taxes.
There were five of us and I don't recall.
There's a big military constituency.
Have them pick up around the school yard.
Recreational facilities.
They sound familiar.
I wouldn't say any more than usual.
They just take to it like candy.
Call my own hours.
Are there kids that are there too?
I have not gotten them in a long time.
What changes do you feel have happened?
The American German Shepherd.
San Antonio isn't that close to you.
I guess the sanitation department.
Good to remember.
I'm very much in favor of gun control.
It would be in that region.
Please do not be involved.
In terms of drugs.
My father owns a restaurant.
That's one thing about cats though.
If you haven't done it in a while.
Or a monthly budget.
The next like my cousin's children.
Then it became winter.
Two girls and two boys.
We maybe want to overthrow the government.
For a rifle there's no waiting.
My wife likes to spend.
One of the arts that I think are really pretty.
The monitoring is not that bad.
Other three who went.
Take a lot of chances.
At least traditionally.
That is exactly where we are.
I think they're going to.
I like to think that I'm a very good cook.
It's one that you can live through.
They were elected as well.
It comes from trees.
He's fished all over the United States.
Which is probably about what their equity is.
We had another cat about two years ago.
He's in his sixties.
I want every child to be on task all the time.
Mine taught kindergarten.
She needs to find herself a lawyer.
Companies drug testing prior to hiring.
They both moved way out.
What did you do about your last auto repair?
Train accidents and everything else.
That is mediation training.
That's not her bag.
So I can't complain too much.
Since there is much that needs to be done here.
They said something to improve voting.
It's your choice where you want to go.
If it goes down.
I really like those and I have kids.
We've got tons up here but I don't know.
A majority of the jury.
Are ruled by their kids.
I think you'll like it better.
Before I moved out here.
Light reading.
Criticize you or put something in there wrong.
It was a little bit hard to.
I like groups like that.
The way they behave.
He dug a hole under the fence.
You've passed me up.
To continue in that vein.
I'm sure I didn't.
They keep calling back.
Does it cost the same for just two nights?
A particular kind of shoe.
I just really enjoy doing the boat type fishing.
I'd tell him.
A matter of choice.
That lived in New York or out of state.
Those are really nice.
I've never had a call.
The last time we had some.
Had somehow gotten in.
Now that I'm older.
That's good to hear.
Quite a bit more taxes.
Do you paint or anything like that?
You can take those.
I heard it one time.
Sell products abroad as much as we bring in.
With the government.
I don't know about you.
In the rice steamer.
What I have to ship.
You're allowed to show their character.
They've always been with us.
Well mine's getting there.
It's a four door which is nice.
We had two baseball bleachers full of people.
Twelve different major ski resorts.
Pressing needs in the marketplace.
If he can raise enough.
They are to be subjective to their husbands.
Al Capone had three brothers.
I do my own yard.
They adopted the death law again.
I value her opinion.
You don't really miss anything.
Have an electric car.
I hope everything works out up there.
We don't usually mix.
Like a taste of something different.
Sometimes it's rewarding.
That's what I said.
That can stay in power.
I was very offended.
They think that's a family activity.
They're downstairs Aaron.
Trafficking has got them.
They come out fairly easily.
I've just never been called up.
I was from Illinois.
I don't buy them.
She stuck my name on some list.
You have a bonus.
You can as a teacher.
I bought shoes.
It's going to be reduced.
This is an invasion of privacy issue.
More like the sixties and that kind of stuff.
The quality of the news you get.
How are we going to fix that?
It's very degrading.
All those nursing majors.
He'll change out a light switch.
There is lots to see.
Before they started.
To really challenge them.
It's not the same with Johnny Carson.
I guess I'll get over it.
To deal with in some quality way.
I don't want any interruptions.
I've heard they're terrible.
Do you want to start?
It works just fine.
I think they're a good team.
The weather warm enough to stick it in the ground.
The regular hospital.
It's been quite a few years.
I guess it's too early.
I think they are.
It went quite a long ways.
The girl is four.
Exactly the same thing.
Now we come to the hard decision.
There is a long ways between now and that point.
Maybe one or two country and western.
It's nice talking to you.
Although they don't admit to it.
Information systems.
It's like bragging on your grandchildren.
Where do you go camping at around here?
It still looked real nice.
Those were the general issues.
Now it's looking better to me.
They just kind of forget us on that end.
Actually purchase the gun.
Since I've got cats.
The kids of these people.
It did not really mean anything to me.
And then you just cook them over a grill.
I can honestly say we do.
March the fifteenth before it was prepared.
When I first started working.
I'd like to get the weight off.
I used to use it quite a bit.
Mine's about twenty seven hundred square foot.
That makes you real good.
You could hardly wait.
Maybe when you are there.
You said something else.
I don't know what they are right now.
That is the key to the longevity.
Well that's the way mine is.
It was about four or five years ago.
We bought a second hand.
They just accept it.
Time flies so fast.
The thing I really worry about.
That might be too crude to be called woodworking.
Buy one get one free.
It's going to take me a lot longer.
So what do you do up there?
A couple of children and we have to.
I think I'd agree.
Now that's inside again.
When you have children.
I did the dance step.
How many do you have?
The hard back copy of it.
They basically would have.
I saw plenty of jokes.
That's neat isn't it?
It's not a big deal really.
It seemed like Dallas was so open.
It was my mother's uncle.
It says they won't eat the babies.
And they don't have a waiting period.
It's like a major production.
The presence over in the Persian Gulf.
You have to get everything replaced.
I'd have to basically say my birth.
We were going to be metric.
I made some of them with that hair.
Where they go for an hour or so.
Covered it with grass.
It had all the vegetables in it.
I ran my kids to death I said.
The immune system can at first slow down.
Rehabilitate you.
It was interesting.
I want to make a lot of money.
You're kidding.
I'll probably have to sell the prize I get.
Probably seventies.
It's not good for a second watching particularly.
There's a lot of sections to it.
My cars don't go to the shop.
They really hadn't either.
Like nineteen times.
I better make some calls.
Maybe you're still allergic to the dog.
But I never count right.
Mostly they are token cuts.
Now in criminal I guess you always have a jury.
So we're attempting it.
Especially not in some of these big cities.
I've had one idea.
Get a home.
Or else we're going to be out of business.
I am pretty aware of what goes on.
Of course at that point we couldn't afford it.
What is it called?
It's just a terrible choice.
I can't remember which.
I don't know if you've heard of her.
How are you doing today?
This bad for so long.
It's either me or the dog.
That's pretty much what it is.
Definitely when it's cool.
A friend of mine saw it and she said it was okay.
Something every day.
I mean to use any of the facilities.
Your family doesn't live close.
They're all kind of local and close.
We have been trying for kids.
To work in some programs.
We felt guilty.
Is Peace Corps still active down in there?
My resting pulse.
I think that's most of it personally.
The guy gets captured by that women.
I'm sure it does.
I guess that's kind of like the way we do.
They're really good cars.
People find ways around.
There is some danger to that.
Have you read any good novels lately?
That's just an extreme example.
You take care.
How I would deal if one of my parents came with.
Murdered and so I really wouldn't know.
To return to her apartment again.
But you got to like Queen also.
See it's about six years old now.
So I called them and asked if I could participate.
Member of the American Meteorological Society.
A lot of their things.
For all the older people.
At least the parents did.
Then you could get it at the reunion.
Those are the only states I have not visited.
Unique show and very well done.
I can't disagree with that.
Have established the defendant's innocence.
I haven't quite figured that out.
It was paid for.
Because the porch is pretty big.
I don't know exactly what's hot down in Texas.
With whoever is taking care of the child.
Is it all voluntary?
In the winter we do more concert stuff.
They had snacks and story time and everything.
A big expenditure to start.
Some of those countries were so safe.
Some really good years.
That's not very likely.
So I don't mind doing it so much anymore.
I also got a piece of chrome.
A little more assertive.
I wore some fairly nice jeans.
I guess I was about ten when it ended.
On going project.
We have a dog too so that adds to it.
Beginning of my junior year.
That's our channel here.
She is more wrinkled.
That's what I see burning a lot.
According to the following utterance.
We're kind of at the end of that trail.
Here we are talking on that subject.
Is it cayenne pepper?
You may say see one or two guys on a bicycle.
They have really simplified things.
You can pick anything you want.
I never see that.
Was it very expensive?
That's what I was.
Throw the paper away.
No frivolous gifts.
My daughter in law is Panamanian.
Are they going to later?
I took a drive up through there.
Now it's in pretty disastrous shape for sure.
January or February.
We didn't understand the culture.
You can program the one at Cosmopolitan Lady.
If not the biggest yard.
The last presidential election.
To finance or accounting.
Every Thursday night.
They get lighter sentences.
An awful lot of people are in trouble.
There is just so much going on.
I really like it.
I guess we're talking about exercise.
Twice for the same crime.
That's very spicy.
To have enough time to spend with Matthew.
They had us fill out a long questionnaire.
Could be just about equal.
But they're not making new ones.
It had such a good story.
Except the three networks.
The dryer had to have a new heating element.
Isaiah came back this week.
Don't you hate that?
My husband is real into sports too.
Set back in the woods.
An English setter.
The insides of the door panels.
They just raised them to twelve this year.
Well that's understandable.
What do you think is your primary cause of it?
The nature stuff.
It's always had it's own unique look.
I lived in places.
Then do it that way.
If I lived in New York City or Washington.
I'm not doing it as much as I need to.
Rugby every now and then.
Are you a hacker?
He just piddles on this and that.
Like in a dead end job.
As they occur all over the world.
She can't run in the morning.
It's actually just twelve years old.
I think not even the old one but the new one too.
A daughter who's almost two now.
I think because it costs less.
They have to just go through everything.
A lot of difficulty.
He won't pull them.
My husband is a counselor.
It starts everywhere until we can't.
As long as you want to.
I'm not much of a basketball fan either.
Because of how wicked they were.
The nature shows.
In December or January.
But that's the point.
Come tell me about it.
It's in the forties.
I didn't sing in a choral group.
Three weeks of use.
Do you know some folks who have been there?
Segments of my speech.
We're within walking distance.
You get the death penalty.
Service charge you mean.
Some people grew up with guns in the house.
Which is allowed to be revoked.
How do you get your main source of current events?
Things are doing pretty good down here.
They've started a drug testing policy.
I've been thinking about that for quite a while.
What did you get your degree at?
Sit on the fence.
Particularly commercial productivity.
It's like any other symphony.
Do you get money for it?
I didn't need it.
So they just wear them right into the pool.
That's great that you have them.
Country western day or something like that one.
You're going to be observed.
He kind of has free run of the place.
I grew up in San Antonio.
The people who spend the money.
It seems like you walk quicker.
It's a brick house.
The trip to Mars.
There's too much going on.
They're going to be in even worse shape.
Maternal grandparents.
The Bermuda Triangle.
A slap here and there.
Sometimes it can.
Of course you can buy stock in the company.
Of families and time.
Five hundred dollars.
You can sit in the sun all day around the pool.
I helped someone repaint an apartment.
We don't have a real strict budget.
We enjoyed Yellow Stone real well last year.
A full time camper.
He has it really nice.
To separate the news from the comment.
It was leaking inside the car.
I think you're right there.
This will be new for me.
Probably you're right.
You need to rent the first one first.
And you get to choose your boss.
I can't remember what it is they don't take.
Knowing that to be true.
I have a nineteen eighty six Toyota.
Would give either you know.
Is that pollution?
Always a pleasure to see and talk to them.
How do you avoid this kind of tragedy?
So I let my son do it.
They seem pretty.
Her body was found by her boyfriend.
A little brief autobiography of themselves.
Nothing unusual about that.
Pride month is about inclusion and acceptance.
You had some there.
That's actually a good question.
She didn't live with us.
The decision was not welcomed by all.
Problems that men have in the realm of cancer.
I haven't kept up with any.
At this point I decided to file the lawsuit.
It has been real good talking to you.
Stick it in the hole.
Do you still keep up with them?
I don't use the free weights.
If you are convinced that it is the right choice.
I mean that's what I would like to think.
They are to be there ahead of time.
He'd be good at it.
They haven't gone down.
There are times when you can't avoid all that.
The ship that was available.
Do you go for long vacations?
I always get those.
I've only been to Philadelphia twice.
It's an interesting job.
Have you been buying any clothes lately?
My mother used to make an Armenian rice dish.
There's very little full employment.
From my point of view, he is.
Add your voice to the conversation.
Just about anybody you could name.
I had heard a couple of people.
I can get this yard in shape.
I decided that there was no point in replying.
We just had a ball.
That makes it very frustrating.
What's your name?
It seems sad to me.
A man who owns a building company.
The court is yet to make its decision public.
It's amazing how much we spend on some things.
That really ticks me off.
We could spend that money.
I think we agree a lot on that.
Learn how to measure and score it here.
If we are not the voice of outrage, who will be?
I don't have too much on credit cards.
I never knew that.
The plants and all that.
You just couldn't believe that they would.
Some types of agreements to limit.
Will be a sophomore.
At this point, I'm surprised I'm not insane.
Chipped tile on the floor.
I guess this is your first time to buy American.
Over by White Plains.
Everybody is sitting here screaming.
I haven't done that.
I'd like to think that it's quite low.
It's a scary thing to know that.
I'm tired of pacifist though.
We always had horses.
I hope you guys enjoy it!
Scan the paper and look at them.
You said you're from Mississippi.
What books have you read lately?
We will head for Florida.
Whether it's a murder case.
It gives me no pleasure to see anyone struggle.
She really enjoyed being part of the team.
You can pick what you want.
Do you buy it at some major store?
Six thousand is just getting broken in for them.
This guy's beating you up.
If there is a decision to make, they speak first.
I don't think we'd need a whole church.
Before he was really active.
I'm kind of mixed on it.
They also have sales taxes.
It's really hard to.
I guess we do get it from people too.
I can't wait to get out of high school.
Make it a practice when I am out.
I listen to the radio.
More or less at home.
He expected conclusions at the end of the year.
So you enjoy gardening?
You know there are a lot of people around.
I think they're getting ready to.
Well, he does not usually drink, he says.
They would have been able to find him.
It's the thirty five or forty thousand dollar one.
Tree bark all over her lawn.
They didn't have this problem back then.
Just when I was in high school.
Well that's good.
I voted with my feet.
They can get away with one guy like that.
Regime change in Iran.
Two thousand and ten was far better.
It's hard to beat any of the benefits.
A meal without any vegetables at all.
The other place is called the Vienna Inn.
I almost think there's some politics around here.
Things of that nature which made us feel good.
Then his voice started to get raspy.
Shut my other radio off here.
I thought he was kind of cocky or something.
It came out in the theater.
I went back to school.
It's doing a lot of damage.
Absent a dust cloud, there will be no explosion.
Did you enjoy this recipe?
Especially if you're in a lot of traffic.
Uses more muscles than any other exercise.
I'm hoping they'll have some kind of medicine.
Sort of mixed feelings about it.
After they've gone and done horrible things.
A gun is a gun to them.
A fairly large liberal arts college as well.
Florida and Louisiana.
I think piano is always good background.
Listen to the man, hear the vision.
Now where do they live?
Even at a group rate.
I never really thought of it that way.
All I knew was you go to high school.
Been here all my life.
You mean she taught in a prison?
Are you recycling?
That and then I wasn't able to.
I don't know that anybody would feel good.
Say the rice dish.
Which is the strangest thing I had ever heard.
They fixed us up with an office.
Exactly what I did.
Mad at themselves when they don't do well.
You knock people down.
They want him because he's popular.
I'm of Italian descent.
If you're serving another dish with it.
They've not had to do that all year.
She wrestled with the decision.
The absolute top of the line.
Boxes that they use.
We'll try to be real quick here.
He has a vision for the program.
You can take out the middle seat.
We have hard decisions to make, she said.
I have heard about that.
I do believe it should be befitting the crime.
These were Soviet made.
Their training isn't what we need in this country.
About a quarter acre of that.
I looked over at the card and made a decision.
To buy my gas with.
It's just so smooth.
This plea bargaining baloney.
I'm a dog person.
Our division does not have a dress code policy.
This cannot be done by moral suasion.
Just to let you know.
Everybody is napping.
Prisons all my life.
Just last week.
The cleanliness and that type of thing.
Very twisty stuff.
Or how you think this court case should have gone.
I wanted someone to make my decision for me.
Interstate driving.
We want to hear your voice.
Portland's pretty good.
They have all really got really good jobs.
The sticky slide rugs under the carpet.
Hundred and two sometimes.
The decision rests, as always, with the referees.
He's run into so many problems.
It's was a night out.
I know where my son works.
Our gardening we lost.
Seeing New England.
Starting to learn the colors.
It seems sensible and failsafe.
Show some respect.
Then you can't spend it.
And there was much rejoicing.
Get up during every commercial.
Are you enjoying it?
Turns out it was a prescription.
Did it kill anything else it wasn't supposed to?
How do you usually eat it?
I couldn't even go there.
He's doing some other movie.
Then it goes to the next point and so on.
Last time I saw the paper earlier this week.
You never get a chance to read.
In the punishment phase.
I had two Cadillacs.
We got a chance to make some noise this year.
We went to Six Flags Saturday.
I think that's the main problem.
I'd like to see Silence of the Lambs.
I think that's bad.
If a child is a visual learner.
Anything on that.
Gives drug testing.
We know the consequences of that decision.
Employees will not get any severance pay.
Do you ever watch Cheers?
School was certainly valued.
I certainly hope so.
You have to have it.
Mental acuity is easy to sustain.
I'd be real concerned.
I don't have a sprinkler system.
It drives me crazy.
I just do it all.
You're alert for the kid who's very drowsy.
Was it a big change in your life?
It's on down the line.
Twenty five in interest charges.
It would be ridiculous.
Nobody could figure it out.
Or a row of seats actually.
You understand what I am saying.
To take care of a problem before it grows big.
There was no word on casualties.
The reality is it's usually not the case.
I'm not sure.
It's actually turning out to be more.
Be our first chance in awhile.
It's too bad it happened.
I have the right to voice my opinion.
Still have to spray some.
My mother was complaining last year about that.
When I come back to my seat.
That Texas twang or whatever you want to call it.
Nothing wrong with those.
I love this country too much.
Who did they play?
They were thrown forward.
That can show up as a positive test.
Become an issue you could say.
We haven't had a lot of problems with it at all.
That's an interesting notion.
If we didn't have it.
That was the time to instill it.
I am a golfer.
They'll have these little parties.
If they started executing them on a regular basis.
They're testing that.
Whatever you decide.
They each have their own television.
Now do things like plant bushes and trees.
A tent by the lake type situation.
The political aspect.
We've just about used up our time here.
That's what always amazes me.
People get very upset.
Dallas has a guy.
Just all different colors.
Use those facilities quite often.
I mean he's doing all right.
Not just in quantity.
I work at a bakery.
Being a mini van.
In terms of motivation and incentive.
It's like you listen to Bush.
We're both school teachers.
I don't know why I never registered it.
When you're first married or starting out.
It just depends on what kind they are.
At the craft shop.
How long did that movie run?
Or maybe twenty dolls.
My husband does the same thing.
I haven't had to replace the thing yet.
Not all the time.
That's awful.
You're not old.
I've never been up there.
Some good books that I've read.
There's some different things.
Those are running.
Pretty much the end of May.
I don't get that.
No there's no way.
Well maybe that is another factor.
So you go back and visit with her anyway.
It's not clear to me that it is really a problem.
I've used a substantial amount of shareware.
His daddy owned a boat shop.
If you let one little law get through.
Including rural districts.
The child's love and security.
They don't like that.
Carry it over to there.
Made payments on our things.
Always home by the time you got home.
Will you help me with my homework?
If he can keep that correlation together.
You would dust every day.
And of course sometimes they rent movies.
It is frightening.
I enjoyed our discussion.
Haven't had any parakeets for quite a while.
That hadn't crossed my mind.
Doing the sentencing.
At least into kindergarten.
It comes down to a one word against the other.
When they do go out.
The marching band.
They didn't have any time doing it the first time.
Now we get channel fifty five.
Changing the plugs and stuff.
They have a new one now.
How long you been in San Antonio?
I forget which way we do it.
He's an interesting person.
Without me working.
I like just looking at the billboards.
Their mother was sick at times.
That's probably a major one.
You don't need to drag it down the hall.
We found a real good interest rate.
It's kind of hard.
It's really made such a difference for her.
I just pretend they're not there.
I don't get any of that bull.
If this would be helpful.
An exotic pet shop out in California.
Is it like a foreign exchange type student?
Elected not to do so.
They were great men.
Replace some of the belts.
The great audience.
Plastic and paper.
It took me back to the sixties.
Little things like that.
What I have to do.
You either pay the thing off or they come get it.
Without any warning whatsoever.
Substantial amounts of money.
That's the way they suck you in.
The kids in that class.
I'm a practicing vegetarian.
With the jury actually making the verdict.
My husband is a movie fanatic.
There's still a big question in my mind.
I really miss them.
Thirty to fifty pages a day.
That is a hugh difference.
To the top the of the peak.
The children love them.
I remember learning how to ski.
We have some more that need to be done.
He went to move in with another girl.
They were showing some and I was watching.
They don't have oil or anything.
We're going to try and have her stay home.
The Blue Mesa Grill.
It's not that he can't do it.
Since they don't have the yearly fee.
I don't know how valid it is.
It's more efficient to do things yourself.
What are dialing services?
Is that Portland?
I really like it a lot.
I think we used it for Christmas.
That's what you do with a catfish.
Having people file fewer claims.
It was dirty.
I've not had to exchange any other parts recently.
Not total but just from cars.
I'm trying to learn how to cook.
I had a similar thing.
Correspondence school.
I know teachers are just like everybody else.
He'll be delighted.
He graduated and went off to college.
He never really got in a game.
It's the glasses.
I hadn't even thought of that.
I wanted him to win best actor on top of it.
We don't get to do it.
What do they call it?
A threat one way or another.
That's the way I am.
She has high cholesterol.
A new employee every six months.
We feed the catfish.
I'm only twenty two.
The water was murky.
I think it's getting better.
You all have much trouble up there?
Thirty or forty points.
They could have had a lottery.
I know why I love a stick shift.
They just need to do something with him.
Are you married?
So the doctor elected to have her.
You must know him.
I can't think of which one it was.
I sell family products.
I'm not saying that they were.
It's something that interests me.
You have to have the picturesque kitchen.
He's someone different.
There's nothing to do.
There is a guy in Dallas.
They might have five hundred troubled youths.
There is a vast variety here.
That's something that grows like a weed here.
I think that that's probably true.
Should have expected it.
We need a winner in this town.
Really expensive.
From your point of view.
I can't remember what the name of the lake is.
The door bell rang.
I would not mind it.
To kill somebody is what it amounts to.
It's hard with two.
About four thousand.
I have some friends that have children.
Do you play the piano?
I would think that it's a pretty calm city.
My children brought it to my attention.
I'm allergic to grass.
These kids work really hard.
They had a centennial here awhile back.
Despite all of our open space out here.
Certainly if you wash it any amount of time.
The teacher's in the middle.
Commercial television these days.
I could use a card too.
I don't know if they decided to do.
What do you find that you use yours mostly for?
This particular card.
I was glad to get rid of leaded gasoline.
Want to spend the money for it?
This was a long time ago.
They will kill you.
Essentially anything you find in a house.
There's another aspect of this.
They hold it up to the sun God.
Just because it only takes a few minutes to cook.
Three weeks after.
It's about two hundred people.
Television is my main news source.
This was twenty years ago.
It doesn't really balance out too much.
Do you have to pay for that?
They buy them from you.
At an entirely different bank.
This woman just offered it to me.
I like it here.
He was a courier.
It's hard for me to.
I'd like to be sporty.
Boy wouldn't I give to get.
Because it wouldn't make any sense.
Your body's not going to look as bad.
That's kind of the way I feel.
I just signed up for it.
I really miss them a lot.
That sounds like fun.
Go to the different composers.
I just don't have much time for enjoyment reading.
I was going to do it.
They may be able to.
I have had shrimp.
See any results of it the next day?
They lay on these little mats.
You're giving the foundations of the nation.
Studying electronic technology.
Because they've had their way of life.
Be careful you don't get stung.
I'm kind of the opposite.
They were pleading insanity.
It's like a mill.
That would be fine.
It's already done for you.
My voting experience.
Everything had a little bit of curry in it.
They have this World Football League.
I think we are progressing at a snail's pace.
We are as susceptible a society as anybody else.
It just makes stuff move down.
As far as I'm concerned he could.
They really hit that ball.
I'm looking for something.
I work for a government contractor.
You really want some suspense.
Have a family.
Looks like we're it now.
Do you go by the ads when you look at them?
He's heading off.
Now can she leave?
Haven't been to one for a little while.
I do other things very well.
He had been in that position for years.
Did he go into that in the book?
The recession.
I don't know about your part of the country.
I had someone tell me that.
Do you know where you're going?
It was on his way of going downhill.
You set your brake.
Did you have to do that?
We do it all I really think that.
Our immigration history.
I think in some cases.
Theocracy reconsidered.
Rich purchased several signed lithographs.
So rules we made, in unabashed collusion.
Lori's costume needed black gloves to be completely elegant.
The tooth fairy forgot to come when Roger's tooth fell out.
That stinging vapor was caused by chloride vaporization.
Before Thursday's exam, review every formula.
Wildfire near Sunshine forces park closures.
The word means it won't boil away easily, nothing else.
Would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day?
He talked about unauthentic storylines too.
Most young rise early every morning.
With this no loyal citizen can quarrel.
Primitive tribes have an upbeat attitude.
And it was not a judge, but a justice of the peace who made the decision.
We seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own backyards.
Sometimes, desperate measures can also turn into solid moves for the future.
Those answers will be straightforward if you think them through carefully first.
She gets dressed faster and spends less energy making clothing decisions.
Academic aptitude guarantees your diploma.
To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments.
An adult male baboon's teeth are not suitable for eating shellfish.
In this context, it would do well for us to bear in mind the vision of peace.
You're boiling milk, ain't you?
Rich looked for spotted hyenas and jaguars on the safari.
Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy estimates.
Ralph prepared red snapper with fresh lemon sauce for dinner.
Did you buy any corduroy overalls?
Clear pronunciation is appreciated.
Please shorten this skirt for Joyce.
Who authorized the unlimited expense account?
The family requests that flowers be omitted.
The museum hires musicians every evening.
We'll serve rhubarb pie after Rachel's talk.
They enjoy it when I audition.
The avocado should have a give to it, as you hold it, when it is ripe.
Energy suppliers usually deal with this by conducting regular inspections and trimming.
The saw is broken, so chop the wood instead.
They seem darned proud of it.
A sharp tremor was followed by a jerky roll.
Boy, you ain't fooling nobody but yourself.
Teaching guides are included with each record.
The man's eyelids fluttered.
This kid's froze bad.
She radiated warmth and good fellowship.
Do you know where it might have gone?
In the pity for them his loneliness was gone.
Join us on Twitter and Facebook
He said they'll be working toward a decision.
Shaving cream is a popular item on Halloween.
Then simmer fifteen minutes longer.
A third shot doused the light.
The guttural language from the ghetto stopped.
Like as if it were built of books.
Then he -- then what?
Blockade is one answer offered by experts.
Those musicians harmonize marvelously.
It all did look very efficient and shipshape.
Yet we no longer feel uneasy.
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent.
It can project long-range goals for itself.
Intelligence jabbed at him accusingly.
Do you hear the sleigh bells ringing?
There was much embracing, much exclaiming.
Below is a specific guide, keyed to the calendar.
Finally he asked, do you object to petting?
We'll pay you back if you'll let us.
They close sometime after eight.
Then we were off again.
His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard.
For a man of his mass he was curiously short.
Pam gives driving lessons on Thursdays.
Read the decision below.
Receiving no answer, they set the fire.
Where is your usual upbeat personality?
Nice country to meet a lion in face to face.
With a whirling jump, it could get into gear.
Marksmanship example.
It's really hard to find something that works.
And I loved ths shining.
I do have a friend that ran.
Just way in the back.
Actually, it makes sense to a certain extent.
Assure the government that he was employed.
They feel good about what they're doing.
Besides, its an invasion of personal privacy.
So you travel a lot?
So we're going to wait.
Any kind of a good environment to live in.
The best of Android.
I don't know what you think about the point.
I believe it costs about ten dollars.
What in the world drugs are you on to?
Android TV box.
A couple of times.
I had the brakes done on it.
Which I use as a reference and has been real handy.
I know when I was working.
It's a package deal.
I have seen it.
The measures already passed a Senate committee.
They told me that this was a topic.
In the Red Square or wherever said.
They did a lot of play work and stuff.
You can gain too much weight.
Recent legislation.
I'm a car buff too.
Joy springs from a grateful heart.
Char onion over grill, never allow oil to smoke.
Noise causes air pollution.
And then you sprinkle the cheese on top of that.
Just saying that clear vision is a necessity.
Factors that affect earnings of an employee.
If you drink a lot of caffeine you'll stay awake.
That's a nice car.
Visionary leaders.
The only other place I've ever vacationed.
I just kind of went through.
This is unifying voice we need.
Do you have your bag?
So you know it keeps us pretty busy.
That's a science in itself.
So when you get in tight situations?
I can relate to that.
It's all ready quit playing.
If they're around anymore.
I am not even aware that I could have seen it.
The ranks of Asian riders are swelling too.
Einstein equation.
Most points at the end wins!
I think it's one hundred and eighty miles.
We don't usually take the kids when we go there.
One of those generation novels.
They 'll never get caught.
I don't buy the newspaper.
Bringing something for a potluck picnic.
I 'll take it out.
Improved evasion does not work.
Casualties were reported.
You just like to sit down and watch it.
He helps by giving little pointers.
Cause they all grew up in New York City.
You make such a choice.
But they have snakes over there.
A good positive direction.
That's what I was going to point out.
I turned mine in about twelve hours early at noon.
It's a telecommunications type of company.
I work out of my home.
The way it works.
It doesn't have an air conditioner.
Then you have to make a salad.
Solving the variables in the equation.
I read in the paper.
I'm in the speech processing business.
Once every year or two.
You don't eat it at all.
Twelve men tried and true.
I think that's something we might want.
She thought for a few minutes.
That is a sad situation.
They do have capital punishment.
It was nice talking to you Dudley.
My favorite team is the Rangers.
Kind of goes along with what you were saying.
Why they don't go with fourteen one.
He went to Vietnam one man and came back another.
As any city grows up.
So you did buy a pattern.
It's about sixteen and a half percent.
I agree with the phone.
So I think it's going to be a lot easier.
Not too much soy sauce.
We take a certain portion of your paycheck.
Who sponsors you?
And I don't know what's going to happen.
I think we have about thirteen months left on it.
I do particularly find it annoying.
They have clubs and a swimming pool.
Our point of view.
It really is worth while to sew.
I felt that was a little insensitive.
Public transportation.
What are we doing?
My job tends to be very demanding.
You know it was just in jest.
And most people like that are old.
That's what I was doing before.
The best teachers and the best students.
I don't like it cold.
She was inaugurated in January.
Wait a minute.
Those are no good anymore.
I do want to have a raised bed.
I say that but yet I know too.
It wasn't organized enough for me.
If I don't know the story line.
That I've liked in the past.
Your spam, my treasure.
The last time he came was in March.
I'm getting pretty.
It's really a cost.
Have little material luxury, but want a lot more.
You guys really are newlyweds.
We've got a stone from Austin.
Competition with Japan.
It still makes most of its profit in Asia.
I think that is important too.
Have a good evening.
He didn't eat flies.
Most of the time they don't bother with it.
They didn't strip it so I got it back.
I'm sure all the eggs are in it.
The family issues that get discussed.
A lot of the industry's moving southward.
When disclosure isn't enough.
Contact points.
This morning it was twenty nine.
They fell out because of the drug issue.
These are done with a flour tortilla.
That is realistic for some people.
I'm away from my other son during those hours.
Where do you have to do a whole bunch of work?
I take it she was an accountant.
Go to a trip through the Indonesian.
No problem there at all.
Their way of life changed.
Pass me that joint bank account statement.
Filters for air filtration for hospitals.
I do that when we travel.
I only saw the end of the first quarter.
Buy a sewing machine.
As soon as we get this house finished.
And just keep chipping away at the ice.
All the money.
My husband has a tool shed out back.
Certain kinds of sin.
I always threaten my daughters with time-out.
Let's see about getting parents more involved.
What you need is a tougher punishment regime.
So it was really too late to do much.
I wanted to go to that golf course down south.
You get a little taste of it and you say no.
They don't even check my social security number.
Chicago and Philadelphia.
I don't know if you have ever heard of it.
Social arbitrage.
That's exactly the way he feels.
Do you really not remember?
It am enjoying that side of it.
The mission will draw the corresponding conclusions.
Be kind to your whole self.
That's the other bar that we went to that night.
I don't know why.
You can fake sex, love, explosions, special effects, horror.
He's in first grade now.
I guess there's some companies that aren't growing fast enough.
Increasingly democratically oriented.
Something a little extra.
I kind of wish that they had a little league for the boys.
Killer bee instinct.
I hadn't heard about that.
The ability of people to access healthcare.
That's probably one of the reasons.
Quite a few movies are based off of that.
But when I went home that's all I could think about.
I'm north of that actually.
A commercial project on hair conditioner.
It was something easy I could do.
I think that's why a lot of people go to West Virginia.
Brown and black patches of fur.
The jury is expected to announce its decision.
I don't get to watch?
It's all money now.
Help promote that more.
Developing everything.
They're probably doing it to their benefit.
That is good that they're like that.
There is some definite snark in her report.
I remember difficult times in school being behind on work.
The New York Catholic Conference blasted the measure.
When we were in high school it was always fun.
She knows how to do that.
Are you going to go see the Elixir of Love?
I'm sure there are some.
That's kind of like what we'd like to do.
Quite a lot of variety.
I haven't been to a baseball game in years.
Parents aren't parents any more.
A dressing of oil and vinegar.
It just kind of dragged on forever.
That's the only way you can get to Canada from here.
He shot a career low.
I have to think about it some more now.
I was really kind of excited to start reading.
What are you saying?
That's very interesting.
I enjoyed it very much.
He had occasionally sent her mother money.
An earlier version of this article.
You might even be able to get a job there.
We came to a fork in the road at night.
He really likes it and I don't.
It's nice and small.
I think there is confusion.
Just go someplace for the day.
But they're going to learn it sometime.
It was the big one.
It's kind of a depressing topic.
Every six months I have to pay my taxes.
I've never been sailing.
I have six years of college.
And then the next one down is in the Marines.
Not lately though.
Too many serious problems for the longer term.
Are there any other genres or sounds you're interested in exploring?
Yes I consider myself what they call a full timer.
More family oriented.
Do you know that I've never seen a monkey?
I knew both people.
He recommends the Honda to a lot of people.
Do you have a computer for yourself at home?
It's the original.
You can't blame them.
I guess traffic could be an annoyance.
We've gone for Romanian food and Lebanese food.
I hate to dust and clean.
Football is an exciting sport.
I'm glad it's done.
I don't know the details.
Can you speak more about this system of treasury decentralization?
Too many horror stories out there.
Every major city has a theater.
Go to the zoo and see elephants and tigers and things like that.
It'd be kind of fun.
That appeared to be eight or nine years old.
I'm kind of out of it right now.
I do not read everything in the paper.
My brother can do it.
Not everybody shows up.
Americans have pushed them out of their native land.
It was just based on the facts.
Wasn't it your state that had police involvement?
Did you actually use drugs at all?
I don't have too much either.
I can finish it in a day.
Very well persuaded.
Little jam box.
I'm wearing shorts.
Do you have some vacation time?
Where did you get this cook book?
Vision in the cave of evil.
Without the visual, it's meaningless.
I'll try that next week.
We do, as a matter of fact.
I have some games.
We're going to feel it, watch out.
The news is a good way to keep up to date.
Point blank in the face.
Just walking the streets.
He did not want to be in it any more than I did.
The teacher had eleven kids.
We were promised civil liberties.
Knowledge or insight into politics.
Don't let them see violence at home.
The issue is that your employer is going under.
What do you write for them?
The lot we lived on is now a ranch.
For your next vehicle, do you want a truck?
It's all traditional cooking.
They pass your phone number on to another company.
They had sixty four of them.
Well I liked the seventies.
It's probably going to be a very old used one.
The mental capacity to raise them.
Friday afternoon at five thirty.
Lawmakers passed a measure last year.
I mean a large flat plate.
I'd like to see it be more of an amateur sport.
All of our tin cans.
Praying more often than usual.
Everyone knows they're going to get it.
My in laws listen to the kind of music I hate.
Download on your computer, or television.
And we play out here in the summertime.
It never did run right again.
You are frequently exploited.
Especially the ones that came out and said their piece.
Pay and exhaustion and you know.
Where another one won't.
Former employers.
It looks like they've got a weapon.
But you don't know that.
I noticed something interesting last time.
They wouldn't have to.
Do you go like home cooking?
So it seems to be.
The decision to censor the articles.
Special rules for employment cases.
It would just depend.
I like ice skating.
They've got the full weight room.
You had to have a supply.
That's neat that you like cross stitching also.
The measure now heads to goverment.
My three year old.
Just not feasible you know.
I can't really think of anything else offhand.
I'm not sure how to go about it.
It's very tedious if you don't have a whole group.
It was a cordless phone.
But it's kind of hard.
You can do so much with them.
My skill set got diminished by the steroid.
It was like four hundred times as much.
It's beautifully done.
I would feel that I had the right to.
You just call him direct.
I know there is.
It really hurts me.
The experience.
Do we have to wait until all the land fills?
Really scary to me.
I think it is getting worse.
I really would like to see them do well.
I don't live in a house.
People put them in.
It can swim away fast enough and go hide.
For about two hundred dollars.
In that time frame.
Trying to make it through that.
Anything like that we participated.
Seven years in the pros.
Twenty years or so.
I think it does help.
That has got to be blooming this time of year.
Even these buses.
Take your sick leave.
It's been kind of scary.
The leaves are just dead.
We try to go so often.
It took four days.
The pros and cons of both.
Were thoroughbreds.
You get programming.
Not that I like reading.
I think a cup or two.
I don't mean to be knocking.
I'd like to see those.
A controlled substance.
We're real close.
I guess he's trained in this.
It might be kind of scary.
Perhaps not in the manner that we do it.
Do you have friends with older children?
One had more blue to it.
I just file federal income tax every year.
I grew up on a farm.
That was the one that's been really nice to have.
They've done it before.
The engine was pretty good.
How different the people there really are.
We get out on the water occasionally.
Maybe once every quarter or so.
Since Brian was born.
I make that once in a while.
How to do things.
I typically am not a cat person.
The junk mail that you get.
They put him in the nurse's office.
Since this time last year I've changed.
They didn't fight together.
He seemed to know what he was doing.
They just live in the community.
It had to be November anyway.
If you do decide to go with child care.
Does insurance pay for the body damage?
One is eight and one is eleven.
I was drug tested.
Newer neighborhoods and development communities.
They are going to get a gun no matter what.
When I was in high school we had a choice.
Never painted the outside.
That's how we got started.
A nicer desk than I could afford.
It's really beautiful.
Most people aren't.
I think what they will do is start paying Mexico.
I haven't experienced it.
You have to have a pretty good frame.
Those small little trucks and cars like that.
They don't have the ability to develop it.
You got to have a one tenth indicator.
There's so much going on here.
The victims' families and things.
Being one of these late in life mothers.
The drug dealers.
My wife's mother is the only grandparent left.
They're grown now.
I have never skied before.
I don't know what we're going to do.
It's second nature.
Find out where the languages are.
We don't get to see too many.
It's like a bullet going by.
I mean lunch today was eighteen dollars.
It's really unfortunate.
The next morning you want to take them out.
If the news we're getting is any good.
If something goes wrong.
I haven't seen any.
Used to chase each other all through the house.
You don't worry about them too much.
That kind of gas mileage.
It really doesn't make any difference.
I was born in Texas and I visited other areas.
I guess because I work quite a bit with lawyers.
I guess I haven't had that much experience.
Reports and papers and that sort of thing.
Spending money that does not belong to them.
Does it have to be a special color?
That's the freedom of choice.
I don't know too much about it.
My son plays football.
See how the family liked it.
One's in college already.
Were his civil rights violated?
It looks like it would be.
Doing laundry by hand and that kind of thing.
I don't want stubs in my lawn.
We can keep that out of our minds.
Forms for his photography business.
We are seeing that here as well.
That's what made me happy.
It depends on the person.
I don't make that much.
It's been a long time.
No one can drive on ice.
Maybe they based it on that Mister Mom movie.
It seems like they would be able to.
Just didn't fit the car.
She's one of those that loves.
Now I just have to finish it though.
Mostly with adolescents.
I'm not a carpenter or anything like that.
I like to listen to piano music a whole lot.
Two hour classes.
Basically adults.
So you enjoy camping.
It's kind of a show piece.
Ambiance down there.
How do you like your tread mill?
It was just too perfect at all times.
Their self identity is stronger.
It is pretty okay.
I thought that that was what celery seed was for.
I couldn't get her up.
Was it six weeks old?
Fifteen feet wide.
Or a bigger city.
Fish chunks and dip it in the fondue.
When you found out who it was.
Because they bring guns to school.
They roll up.
Have you ever been drug tested.
He could get hurt.
I'm originally a Texan.
So you've got a lot of traffic noise real close.
Really enjoyed it quite a bit.
I know a girl.
You've got to eat most of the time.
To the price of what I buy.
Even in my case.
Can do whatever they want.
Because you own it.
A little more flexibility.
They even looked halfway decent.
A food processor.
I think the decision has been made.
They are not sure of themselves.
Two sides of the same coin.
He doesn't really pay attention.
If you're ever looking for that.
That's from the child's standpoint.
There is no timetable for a decision.
Golden Retriever.
Nurses get so worn down.
The second time you see it.
I mean you can earn a lot more money.
But at that point, I was too far gone.
His voice was nearly drowned out by the crowd.
I didn't notice it.
That was a great little car.
Over a very long period of time.
Started investigating.
Vice presidents of companies.
I wasn't opposed to paying for it.
To upholster chairs.
They are lovely.
We see more and more women being involved.
I have to make this one last as long as I can.
Only to the airport.
Well tell me this.
That would be really awful.
Question and answer period.
Because you don't know.
Pour in the red wine and bring to a boil.
I'll turn the radio on.
They say if you're not taller than this line.
That's the way I feel.
What happened to get us to this point?
Trump has said there was no collusion.
It was a great pleasure speaking with you.
I heard the opposite.
We sit around and eat popcorn.
I don't have boys.
That would have been best time to go.
If they didn't have to.
That's certainly true.
You're developing your imagination.
We have that here.
Usually busy fighting for survival.
I've had so many people.
I don't even get to see half my paycheck.
We put some papers on the floor.
That's the closest thing.
It's kind of rainy actually.
It was worth the buck I guess.
A pop up trailer.
You're with the home office now.
They seem to be economically driven also.
That would be a really good thing to do.
Too much business.
He's retired now.
I heard this on a Christian program.
Even though they're so close.
Earning his money.
I had never seen anything.
These rich people started.
Used to be six bucks.
I caught a carp.
I feel so silly.
Are they all here in the area?
I kind of look at it this way.
Public Broadcasting.
Sewing and quilting.
Good to hear from you.
Through Oklahoma City.
I read a lot and then I know people.
Did you pull them?
That would make me happy though.
It's nice to get out in the open air.
I think it would do something for it.
It has really been nice here.
State land grant colleges.
It works out real nice.
We've had lots of them in the past.
It's only been that way in the last five years.
I left right in the middle of it.
It's depressing too.
I don't own my home.
I've always wondered how he gets around.
It's just tough.
Fiction books that I really like.
You got any more?
I'm beginning to think it's not.
That's something I miss quite a bit.
They finally came up with evidence.
That's true I didn't think about that.
Good together as a team.
Part of it would probably work out.
It's necessarily going to involve more taxes.
It's just going to follow.
I'm kind of a car buff myself.
Buying of our fish.
Sometimes it will skip.
I just don't like that.
Social changes to talk about.
I am close to receiving my English degree.
Everything's still inches.
He made a real big cake himself.
They've actually waited for them.
It was for a murder trial.
Are you a professional musician?
It's far beyond me.
We've gained an awful lot from the space program.
Two sets of grandparents.
I call and find out.
You want salary too plus what?
I've heard about him.
You've had more freezing this Winter.
If we can't get a handle on that.
They would vote pro choice.
They were okay.
To find a mountain.
On a working farm.
After we had them for several years.
If they work at it a little bit.
We don't have enough.
What are you making?
Absolutely nothing.
I had a carpet service call up three times.
Although he's probably better than a lot of them.
Just about any kind of music.
We like Mexican food.
I know the day care centers are not cheap either.
I found it a lot of times.
You've got to find an even line.
I think he barely makes it.
Where you cut the pie.
It all starts to become similar.
I could go along with that.
It's like one second of recording.
That's a big thing with me.
I'm the only one.
I've been following through on that.
If there starts to be a lot of violence.
Walking seems to be the best.
I don't think too many of them are anymore.
How do you feel about your game?
When I lived out in the country.
I'm originally from Maine.
To grow up and to decide what they want to do.
We just keep track of it on paper.
I had friends.
I've worked in hotels.
They can pretty much get everybody there.
You can just say I'm sorry.
The engine blew up in it.
The armed forces did so much.
I don't have a lot of time.
I know they will.
Sometimes they're not very open.
We're toward the bottom.
I make a lot of my Christmas presents.
We were talking about that just the other day.
In the Houston area.
I'm not counting on it.
I like to have somebody come with me.
Was also kind of tough.
Not sure that's something I want to do.
Most of the stores will accept those.
That is pretty unusual.
That's what he grew up listening to.
She'll be two in July.
I just flat didn't spend any money.
The news or something.
I do have my radio going most of the day though.
A girl and a boy.
He has used a lot.
It's a little bit financial type thing.
An economic incentive for people to vote.
I'm different from that.
Temperature swing in about four hours.
What's going to happen?
I only weigh sixteen today.
Horrible stuff like that.
An opera or the symphony or something.
If they don't have any living relatives.
I watch the news on TV.
A record of the rap songs of the eighties.
I do not have much to compare it to.
I don't read as much as I would like to either.
This was pasture land.
I want them to come back up next year.
Noticed that when I was a kid.
Things that are under state jurisdiction.
I was an administrator.
I don't have a lot of time to do it.
When I'm up here.
I enjoy them coming.
But it has a pretty low crime rate.
Big closet space.
They're welcome to go some place else.
I write software.
We do a lot of things on the weekends together.
I've heard different.
We'd have to build less prisons.
Just light reading.
Well we just started.
We started taking her.
My mother and I were.
We are so busy.
I'd like to go bird hunting.
Sometimes you have to ask them for that.
Then do it all over again.
What do you think are some current trends?
About a thousand bad checks.
Do you watch star trek?
No you don't have to put it down.
I don't see much tv mostly when I'm in school.
They could probably come in and say.
I don't get too many of those.
Did they do that before you went in or what?
I'm getting rid of this car.
I have three cats and a dog.
They don't need that seven day waiting period.
Of course it's real convenient.
My husband and I both went.
You learn more about the characters and stuff.
Just a little shell to go under a suit.
Then we put our receipts in there.
Where is it going to be?
Fifty nine kilometers per gallon.
They'd seen it earlier.
It shouldn't be destroyed.
Chemical services to come.
Which I thought was a real interesting question.
Well that's about it really.
If I don't have a reel with a button on it.
You get a lot of sunfish.
I enjoy going to the beach and to beach areas.
I guess I'm partial to big tree country.
They are both remarried.
The high school I went to.
You have to think grandchildren.
You could do it.
He was treated like all the rest of students.
I don't think so anymore.
That's still not enough for a total.
One thing led to another.
Two different parts of the country.
I really don't have any job benefits to speak of.
It really helps those people.
Put a cramp in your viewing.
It's a pretty good size church.
Camping for you in a motor home.
If you've only got a token force there.
This time of the year.
I'd just as soon a lot fewer people did.
They think it's kind of cool.
Crime is too much.
I don't know how my father did it.
Lived on a farm for sixty years.
I look at homemaking as a job also.
Really kind of gone the rounds.
I never even knew that.
Clothing and gas.
The commercial districts.
What's the difference there?
I like that kind of stuff.
We might as well.
Savings and loans.
They plastered over drywall.
I'll slice white grape.
The bomb development.
On the outskirts of Houston.
I forget how she got it.
Your tuition reimbursement.
Getting pledge sheets for the Boy Scouts.
If you have any doubts whatsoever.
Mystery movies.
I can't remember where.
Bring it closer.
My family is closer.
What do they like?
How is that good?
Need help here?
Yes, you have it right.
I tell you my family is not hungry.
Bring my computer here, please.
They hope that.
You like it?
Tell my family they are not hungry.
Computer is not okay.
Do it.
They need my glasses.
I am closer.
They need it outside.
Yes, I do.
Tell my nurse you are hungry.
They feel very good.
My family is going up.
Goodbye.
Are they thirsty?
I hope it is going.
Please, not like that.
I hope it is good.
You have family.
Are you very thirsty?
My family is going.
Do they have my computer?
Not right.
Are you it?
No, I am not very tired.
Hello.
I have it right here.
Please tell my family I need my glasses.
Is my family going up?
I hope you do not need nurse.
Is my nurse hungry?
They are not coming here.
What is comfortable?
How are they coming up?
Am I going?
They are going.
No please.
How do they do it here?
You do not clean it up.
That is not very good.
You are coming here.
Is my nurse okay?
You like music?
Do I have music?
My computer is good.
What you are.
Where you are.
Is it not good?
Please tell my nurse I am going up.
Do they?
I bring it right up.
They are not.
My family is going here.
Not that bad.
I feel very good.
What is it where?
They tell you.
They tell you my nurse is comfortable.
Clean up please.
How thirsty am I?
How tired is my family?
I hope it is okay.
Yes, you are coming here.
They hope I have faith.
Yes, you have it.
I hope my nurse is hungry.
You hope they are closer.
Closer please.
I hope that is.
I am not like that.
They feel very comfortable.
Where you like.
I hope I need my nurse.
They hope you are going.
I am you.
Are you coming?
Tell my nurse you are not thirsty.
That it is not.
I hope you are.
Please tell my nurse I need my music.
Nurse is bad.
That is not very bad.
No, I am not comfortable.
That is good.
Clean up here.
I am that good.
Music is not good.
Do I tell you?
My family is right here.
Yes, my nurse is going here.
Where is my success?
Tell my family I am thirsty.
They like it outside.
Clean up.
I have it like that.
I feel hope.
Yes, I feel very thirsty.
I have it up.
I need success.
I hope they help you.
I hope I need my music.
What is good?
Do not do that.
Is my music very bad?
Faith is okay.
Bad music.
I need my nurse right here.
My nurse is not hungry.
Hope you like it.
They need you.
Tell my nurse hello.
They are not hungry.
It is very bad.
I am not okay.
I hope they have faith.
Do you feel that?
You are good.
Tell my family they are not thirsty.
I am not hungry.
Is it okay?
They tell you I am hungry.
Tell my family goodbye.
Here that is.
I like my faith.
Tell my nurse I feel comfortable.
I hope you do that.
Need it?
I hope they have.
Tell my nurse I am not thirsty.
I do not clean it up.
It is up.
I hope you are right.
Do you have it right?
They clean it.
They clean my glasses.
I tell you I do not feel comfortable.
Please do it.
Tell my family I do not feel comfortable.
They do have.
They hope my family is closer.
No, they do not clean it up.
Faith is not good.
Hope you are not hungry.
Hope you are comfortable.
Is my nurse thirsty?
They have no success.
I like my computer.
I hope I do not need it.
They do it.
They have no need.
I hope you are going.
Have it.
You are going outside.
Do you what?
I am like you.
My music is not okay.
They need success.
Where are you, up?
Yes, you need it.
You what?
Do they have it?
Tell my family they do not feel hungry.
Goodbye please.
No music here.
I hope they are going.
Do you have my music?
Yes, it is goodbye.
Are my glasses bad?
I hope they are thirsty.
That is very comfortable.
You hope my family is here.
How good are you?
I do not feel hungry.
I like help.
My faith is right here.
Am I coming up?
You do it.
Coming up.
Computer is no good.
Yes, I feel good.
Where you need it.
I am coming.
Clean that up.
You feel bad.
What do I have?
I like music.
You feel good.
Not very bad.
They tell you I am comfortable.
No, they are not going.
Yes, they have.
You clean my computer.
Do you like that?
You are right here.
Tell my family they are not comfortable.
Where is that help?
My nurse is very good.
I need music.
What do you tell my nurse?
Hope you feel.
Goodbye what?
What is okay?
Do i?
Yes, I am tired.
It is that bad.
You are closer.
Are my glasses very good?
Tell my family I am not comfortable.
Is my family good?
Please have faith.
My family is not going outside.
No, I do not feel very comfortable.
You hope it is goodbye.
You need it here.
I like how comfortable my family is.
Very good here.
Tell my nurse I do not feel hungry.
No, I do not feel comfortable.
Tell my family they are thirsty.
My nurse is not good.
It is that good.
I like my nurse.
Do you have it coming?
My nurse is not very tired.
I need my nurse.
Please do.
I need my computer right here.
I like how they tell it.
No, my nurse is not coming here.
What is that like?
They do not like my family.
My faith is good.
Going good.
How they do.
They are not clean.
I am not good.
My success is closer.
You do that.
How do you do what?
Have not.
That is not comfortable.
You are very tired.
Yes, like that.
Where is my family going?
Tell my family I am comfortable.
My music is my hope.
Where are they?
They do not.
You are.
They do not have nurse.
They do here.
You are going.
I hope you do okay.
It is coming here.
Yes, I am going here.
They hope you have faith.
How bad is it going?
You are tired.
Hope they feel right.
Hope is coming.
How do you do it right here?
Have faith.
I hope you have hope.
What is where?
How thirsty is my family?
Do you have it here?
Yes, I am coming here.
Very not good.
Please tell my family I need my computer.
I have no music.
I clean up.
They hope I have my glasses.
You need my faith.
I hope they feel good.
I am very good.
Very good music.
I clean it.
Yes, my nurse is coming here.
What do they tell my family?
Bring up.
Do you need help?
Do you stay home with yours?
The grassroots were whacked for voicing out.
It already costs society much more because of it.
The exams themselves are not expensive.
They do low impact stuff now.
I just got back from Dayton.
I'm in marketing sales.
I think some people have just assed.
Make him serve five years.
I think that's really interesting.
Just for the record.
I couldn't remember what it was.
I don't know who the characters are.
The car issue just came out.
So, strap in and enjoy the ride!
After having a one that was historical looking.
Just kind of roughed it.
Seems like you're so busy anyway.
I like listening to that.
What sports that you are active in?
How do you feel about the Vietnam war?
He could buy us material things.
That is one of my solutions.
He's a black man.
I don't think I'll do it again.
Get things back the way they were.
They had five or six servants.
What was the verdict?
And you really begin to develop an interest in it.
Just a little over a year ago.
It's just somewhere to drive another car to.
I am a converted Catholic.
It just seems like there is.
I mean I do go to church and things.
I think I'm getting too old for all that.
The next time I'm going to try to.
They probably live in a city also.
At this point the game was well and truly up.
Where we make the safety bags.
The Baltic states.
I think technology is better.
And then he learned the truth.
It wasn't all that much.
Glad I never had to pay for one.
He doesn't bite anybody.
We'd get one more check and that would be it.
It takes a lifetime.
I guess they can be.
Did I miss any important points?
They're just gorgeous.
Thing be to clean.
Because we've been recycling for quite some time.
Very incidental.
Females in the class.
I knew it, ever since you were a little boy.
It's awfully easy.
You have to support the people that are there.
I just happen to be off today.
That's a big problem.
So what was the point to this exercise?
Has affected a lot of social change.
I'm going to have to.
He's down to like once a week.
That's exactly true.
Four Super Bowls.
Weekend duty here.
You don't really don't understand.
He almost wishes that.
Up until this point it really hasn't been.
The challenge of the work.
If you ever go in a restaurant.
I could not believe it.
I purchased some magazines.
The match was dead and buried at this point.
About twenty three years.
How our politicians voted each week in the paper.
The void.
Changing people's expectations.
They give a lot more leave.
It seems to work pretty well so far.
In the federal budget.
The coleslaw and potato salad.
I hope you see a good movie soon.
Coming here.
I hope you have.
What do you feel like?
They need it coming up.
I am not very thirsty.
Yes, they are coming.
You do not like my computer.
Tell my nurse I am not hungry.
They do not have family.
You have faith.
They have not.
I hope they are not here.
Faith is very good.
I hope they are hungry.
You are not clean.
How do you like music?
I have no need.
They hope I am going.
I feel comfortable.
How right.
They are right here.
They are clean.
I hope you like my computer.
Is my computer very bad?
You hope my family is not here.
How good is it?
I do not have music.
Very right.
Where is help?
I hope they need music.
I hope you do not need music.
Good faith.
My nurse is coming outside.
Family is not good.
They do not need music.
I tell you I feel comfortable.
What is it you do here?
They need that.
Do you like you?
Tell my family I do not feel hungry.
If somebody doesn't do something.
Just a little something that's feminine.
He helps me out a lot and I get paid monthly.
I didn't have that much to do.
Do you exercise?
Something with them.
He would get the glory.
Right in our own back door.
We could not have one as large as we have.
My wife got in trouble one time with hers.
I like to watch almost all football.
How people react to things and stuff.
Are you in San Antonio?
We have macaroni and cheese.
Having twenty million people watch you do that.
I don't envy these young parents.
My first comments on the budget.
I remember seeing that.
There's not that much time left on the loan.
Who can scream louder?
Anywhere on the East Coast.
You probably have all kinds of trees.
He was talking to himself, as usual.
I have one daughter still at home.
Smoking and all that stuff.
I'm on the phone.
You have to be so precise.
It was pretty clear here.
Our military people need to know about.
Or maybe your daughter.
The nice thing I'm looking forward to.
I watch a show that I like.
It's not a hatchback.
I think he kind of misses it a little bit.
I'll think of them in a minute.
This is the kind of thing you look at.
It's nice that there's a choice.
It's affecting the families you know.
Which is kind of high for lunch I guess.
I'd like to go camping cross country.
So I kind of grabbed on to that team.
It always sounded.
Then it was fine.
I'd left him a check for tax.
In many ways, each genre is a sport unto itself.
Is so careful about recycling.
One of those loans.
On those issues you have to say yes or no.
Dents in the hole.
We've got some beets.
They are totally debt free.
We rarely go in there.
Lot of concrete and glass.
In a way that happened this past season.
The funniness of the gag.
I love the water aerobics.
But it's so long.
Where they teach them academic things.
It's just so versatile.
Thank you for your generosity and loyalty.
Able to give a full sample.
A lot of things were no longer put to use.
Pursue anything more than your nursing degree.
A decision is expected within weeks.
That really gave us a lot more space.
Detroit Free Press.
Don't fight against a power company.
It was an acceptable social behavior.
More men in the crowd join in.
We went with them to Germany.
What kind of vacations do you like.
I'd like to try that as well.
Getting away with the cards is easy.
You know a little.
I was trying to think if there was anything else.
They are used to the Virginia area.
They'd soon be back.
We did get the cable TV.
Having gone to the University of Minnesota.
You could never bring them back.
A ways back we did like conversions.
I don't know if it would be helpful or not.
There is a receptacle.
Nobody can appreciate comedy any more than I can.
And as always, I hope you can enjoy the article.
My brother lives.
I think it might be good for them.
Mostly just movies.
Finding an exploit to exploit.
Have you ever done anything at all?
I was in submarines.
Well at the present time I have two dogs.
As a boy, his family traveled by horse and buggy.
Good luck to you there in Idaho.
There's no particulates in natural gas.
Because like I said.
She said in a voice that was almost a moan.
The quality of their product.
His treasures come with answers.
I'm not altogether sure that that's my best topic.
He affects a lot of people.
Sure that it's worth it.
I'm just speaking overall across the country.
It's twenty one thousand.
The ones that were made a few years ago.
Join this week's show.
I was surprised at the ending.
The credit card company.
It was weird because we had snow.
Some ridiculous stuff like that.
Gas stations joints.
Though we call it the English system.
We found the cat in time.
We're going to buy a Devon Rex.
I think the ghost is in the house.
The other independent companies.
Is he the elementary school employee?
It's not able to fit in.
They're making money off that.
I stock the same part.
One of the worst things that could ever happen.
It's really nice to see them.
On one occasion he did try to rape me.
A plea deal allowed him to avoid a life sentence.
We've done lots to it.
What else have I done?
Are you both from Utah originally?
You didn't have all the extra employees.
It was taking the whole thing.
I felt like we roughed it.
They're all at home right now.
That's real scary.
Anywhere from two to four semesters.
It's really looked on as odd.
It's a really old bush.
Get away without embarrassing yourself.
A variety of restaurants.
But lots of times they do.
It's still pretty rural.
Any of the guys that were around.
The puppies are missing.
I'm working quick.
We've got a good video place out here.
Subscribe to the things I'm interested in.
Measuring it is not an exact science.
I think you owe the family a responsibility.
I'm not thinking too well.
You can't have any.
They don't get a lot of participation.
Drug testing in the work place.
Which brings up an important point.
Just have to start all over.
That's a fun idea.
To the point.
For most, it's not a choice.
Five thirty and six thirty or something like that.
It's really neat.
Which I also had done the year before.
Everything is a long story.
It's usually worth something later on.
You enjoy every step you take.
I didn't see that.
She is on the east coast somewhere.
We believe it is the best decision.
It's simply not true that he couldn't make a decision.
Don't they have a point.
There's a lot of people who fall into that.
Do you have recycling?
Are you happy with what you are doing now?
It was a very close game.
It's opening next year.
I would like to see them.
It's a good town.
The recycle ones are better to use.
Try to catch one of the morning talk shows.
It doesn't matter what age you have.
So since October then.
We have a soccer team that comes and goes.
What is an Android TV box and what can they do?
Drawing, painting and the visual arts.
It's got men and women.
It kind of felt like he didn't care.
More classes for visual learners.
She had just quit rehearsal about a half hour before.
The way the law reads.
Part of my job is teaching.
There's no smoking in any public areas.
I like to mow the lawn.
It's getting close.
It looks like a little shot gun house.
I mean the Saturday night special stuff.
Well what do you think.
I have no objections to it.
And it's going to go to the highest bidder.
We spend so much time with our families.
I'm originally from Colorado.
We try to spend a lot of time on the weekend.
Undergraduate school.
If I got a chance to sit down at my typewriter.
We hope that it will be.
We traveled in Europe for about a week.
An opportunity to see that.
It seems like he would develop pride.
Work for another school to be built.
It's close to Philadelphia and Baltimore.
The individual incidence or something.
The oyster bars down there.
Maybe not that long ago.
That has been her dream.
What do you think of movies in general?
It looks pretty suspenseful.
As far as income tax is concerned.
I just never have it.
Do without too much.
When did the sexual division of labor begin?
I think we put too much on politicians.
Which was a class something felony.
We bought everything in a grocery store.
The financial planners.
It's like this old house.
AIDS epidemic now.
And if you're trying to hold out.
People are just totally unfeeling.
Rather quick victory.
The Lincoln ride is certainly good.
Now we really get sick.
There were no casualties reported.
Without the college here.
I have a thirteen hundred dollar bid.
The Pacific Division has a total of six teams.
I guess sixteen or seventeen with my family.
You just get used to the weather.
You also manage to make them.
In the regular trash.
The couple lives in Pittsburgh.
Straight out of high school.
I was going to say.
It cost her three hundred dollars.
But it was great pleasure while we did it.
It does a few more things.
Innocent people could do that.
It's investment property.
Motivate ourselves.
Not drafting people.
The car insurance is due.
The only thing we're known for.
And I made a quilt yesterday.
I haven't used it yet.
The grace pushes you beyond the law.
This show came on where these people had to survive in the wild.
If I would just work all day long.
I'm in the oil business.
I don't either.
Read a lot of science fiction work.
She did research on it and everything.
Trying to get out of wherever they are.
She just loved this little dog.
The weekend before last.
That might have been what it was.
It's supposed to be a deterrent to crime.
How about popular music?
Do you do any handicraft type things?
We're out here in the warehouse.
We raise it up to the seventies.
The creek was just wild.
Jeez and you can't take the chances.
It just depends on where you go.
I'm going to listen.
Words spelled wrong not marked as such.
Do you enjoy the content on this blog?
And then Sunday nights we watch.
Evening time it gets pretty busy.
I don't know if I'm making any sense or not.
Because she had been called back up.
I mean someone in the process of rape.
I like cross stitch too.
Out enjoying the water and such.
They really got something going this year.
On two occasions in the past twelve.
Then they have to work until the shop closes.
The status quo for Puerto Rico.
She's been a good dog to have.
We paid industry for it.
I have to wait for things to go on sale.
He goes to the pistol range.
That's over five months worth.
Good luck, and enjoy the game!
I've enjoyed it.
We're talking about what you think.
They take such a beating.
You know a lot of people do separate those.
Sounds like a lot of fun.
That will cut pollution too.
An environmental engineer.
One of these days when I get a new car.
I've heard about them.
You're right there's a big change.
She smiled coyly at the two of them.
Put a big cast on it.
It's got a rounded front on it.
I mean you have to set an example.
I end up switching stations from time to time.
Or steel curtain.
Please know you made the right decision.
I almost accidentally got the next car.
I hope you all enjoyed it.
His influence is immeasurable.
But as you pointed out.
I'm kind of semi retired.
It's sort of unusual really.
You can relate to that.
Maybe a little bit in that perspective.
A Mexican dinner.
A lot of that to women working.
On a pretty good basis.
In second grade.
Selling out your country.
I consider an invasion of my privacy.
Into hacking or whatever.
I don't have that stuff now.
We had somebody do it.
The fact that they did not retaliate.
No going in and out.
Usually fall into one or two categories.
Desperate times, Desperate measures?
School bus drivers.
Then it would definitely affect unemployment.
I quit when I was pregnant with my kids.
She was charged with murder.
For me, it is a good decision to leave.
That they had to put in and basically it was a choice.
More stakeholders are joining the conversation.
I'm doing my Masters.
It's a beautiful home.
It's probably that way anywhere.
The money speaks for us.
That was a well directed and acted movie.
I mean you just got it done.
My dream car for years.
A different turn.
Pretty much a lot of television.
It is not known how long the closure will last.
My parents never let me watch anything like that.
That was really on the national news a lot.
I would personally be the last resort.
You have a separate account for that.
And those are really helpful.
It's an important decision for my career.
Filling out the forms and also all of these.
They were making television shows at the time.
Usually, however, the motives are far simpler.
The days were nice and warm.
This is my itinerary.
There should be some control of that.
Whatever you are promised.
Something looks a little nicer.
I watch her kids on the weekend.
Africa or the Latin American countries.
Skirt and blouse or suit or dress.
It starts at the courts.
Maybe they're starting to get a clue.
It makes me laugh when I read that decision.
Only Egos, Fears, and Illusion separate us.
Thanks a lot I enjoyed talking to you.
Manatees are often fatally injured in collisions with boats.
They were outside my garage.
We'd go to the library and do things like that.
Helping elderly people.
No, it's a talking point.
President now has a choice.
I was a tech writer and he was an engineer.
There were no casualties.
I hate to see a car going down the street.
I just am scared of capital punishment.
Liberals, as usual, are wrong on everything.
On the computer where you can read the daily.
Well I didn't know that.
My wife and I both did.
It ends up burning.
Those are my kids.
It's business as usual.
I'm glad that there are still some areas that are quiet.
So this last year he changed it.
How serious a person is.
I really didn't get to use them.
He makes eighty thousand dollars a year.
Pretty much stick to a budget.
The cornea has a crucial role in focusing vision.
If it's Chevrolet.
Do you work at home all the time?
Not just for dealing in drugs.
Does he work for a company down there?
The guy was a law breaker.
My doors were okay front and back.
I think I'm going to look for that.
Get into the problem.
Now I has the random testing policy.
Attachment and responsibility.
Into a kind of a candy stick.
Teams that they've already beat this year.
It makes you really concerned.
Things like mailings.
I can't talk I had chocolate.
None of them are too interested in current events.
There's just so much mass there.
I used to watch a lot.
You have their basic needs met.
He's just kind of there.
There's an old saying about it.
Milwaukee area.
It's an older place.
It's a good show.
So how do you avoid that problem?
They realized later.
The yard's all fenced in so she doesn't run loose.
What part of the state do you live in?
Maybe put in a little bit of effort.
It's just basically driving a long ways to work.
What is big today?
Together, these are two sides of the same coin.
I do the newspaper and cardboard and paper.
A routine like at.
You don't think of it that way, do you?
How about you?
Just hoping maybe.
I am going to bet you that is a lily.
I just can't believe it is.
He's got a couple of books out.
Retiring to Florida in the last few years.
One of their favorites.
I guess I better go.
Regular normal taxpayers.
Eagles fans were not happy with this decision.
Did you care for that one?
And I need to keep that going.
The first three days.
I think my favorite meal was a hamburger and fries.
Sales I find are a pain.
It is vital that you measure your body correctly.
We've got far too many.
The trouble with some of them I know.
All that began back there.
How big is the family you cook for?
Now I don't want a can.
At this point, my lips had begun to burn.
That is the hardest part probably.
I'm originally from Ohio.
I like those a lot.
They thought it was the greatest fun.
Maybe after we're not in school anymore.
Most people don't.
Have you ever been drug tested?
I guess they do that so they don't get scooped.
It's really both reasons.
I did it for three years.
Yes, I am.
Tell my nurse they are not thirsty.
Do not.
Is my family coming closer?
I feel like that.
I hope you are bad.
They like my family.
They are no good.
They have hope.
You are not like that.
Are you good?
I've seen her do it.
Women can be at different points in their life.
Joined the initiative.
It was fun though.
County I live in.
Even though I wasn't spending much money.
I do skim over it.
Little field trips or something.
We have a lot that needs be done.
Being able to tell old stories.
I have two or three.
Tennis shoes and play clothes.
What do we know about the latest seizure?
It may be other natural things at work.
Both flowers and vegetable gardening.
We've been to the pound.
My sisters both seem to like it pretty well.
I've liked a lot of the new music.
At least something cooler.
That's definitely true.
We've got so many when he was a puppy.
It's got to have air conditioning.
After he earned that merit badge.
I don't have too many weaknesses.
That's what it is here too.
Murder is a crime.
They'll have a satellite campus in a month.
They would tend not to.
His solution was to burn plastic.
Like a light cough.
At this point the damage is done.
I told my husband.
The reason behind the decision.
Parents do not do that.
It makes a big difference.
It was just no effort at all.
What are you learning to be?
For the both of us.
I lean to that coverage.
Basically the size of Kansas.
They're usually wrong too.
Are you a native to Texas?
I'm an American.
Disclosure of your personal information.
They finally determined what the problem was.
Cook with my kids.
I liked it a little bit but I didn't.
Which I'm sure is the proper term.
I pay absolutely nothing.
Maybe give them a refresher driving course.
They look like they're very sturdy.
Because he was carrying a camera.
Robberies or things like that.
Linux version.
Patriots were so depressing this last year.
I didn't have a lot.
They've made such advances in computers.
It's happened so many times.
Your standards change.
I can not believe.
She got bit on the cheek.
If I had not been preparing for this.
They shouldn't allow an appeal.
I like his movies.
The girls joined.
From speaking from my children.
I once went out with a boy in my high school.
The more local elections.
The food comes out fresh.
His voice rose.
A high school course.
I want a German Shepherd.
We hope you enjoy our little project!
I don't know where to stand on it.
What would you like to do with your life?
I don't know how cost efficient that would be.
In light of widespread school closures.
My husband and I are vegetarians.
The few and far between.
Do you envision him as a starter or as a backup?
I don't know quite how to do it.
They put them upside down.
They classify most of them as professionals.
Maybe you gain a little bit of local fame.
Others are not rising to the occasion.
Some wine tastings up in the valley.
Then it goes through the moon.
Their house is going to be really big.
Whenever they gave them out.
We're going to be able to go up there.
That can really slow you down.
Those get thrown away.
I wouldn't want to eat octopus.
I have to cut myself down to the weekend.
They have no children in school.
They still look pretty good.
We need to give closure to the families.
I think that that's been proven in fact.
She did pretty well.
The news division of the Houston Chronicle.
It's a very expensive automobile.
I think there's something about being able to turn on joy.
If I were to buy another car.
You can kind of relate to it you know.
Life is so much more enjoyable.
I always watch them no matter who's on.
They're saying no right now.
So what is it now.
The fast moving water carried the deer away.
Is there a lot of sand.
They call it a low impact aerobics.
They encouraged people to use credit cards.
They're eight and ten.
You know it's bound to spread.
Don't particularly care for that at all.
That's something that's important for sure.
I don't even remember this being on there.
There was no report of any casualty or injury.
I really like those.
There is a long way between now and that point.
My mom's helping me out.
It was an older home.
Don't get much room in the attic.
I'm twenty three.
I take no pleasure in seeing anyone get injured.
Do you eat what you fish?
Even if she does get on flat ground.
Your privacy being invaded at any time.
Just lucky to have a job.
Frustrating at times.
Except I stenciled my wall.
The state has yet to appeal that decision.
They could take off at any moment.
Lot of money spent on this.
They got to come up with ideas.
I do find it particularly annoying.
Their leaves are still green.
She became less able to take care of herself.
You do the best you can to make it perfect.
The children were left unattended in a room.
We're also going through adoption now.
You just fry under the sun.
It was north of us.
You do not have my success.
Where am I going?
They are bad.
You have.
They do not have my computer.
Is it yes?
You do not need my nurse.
Is my nurse going?
How bad is it?
Tell my nurse I do not feel thirsty.
Some odd choices.
Well that's true.
I really enjoy that.
What would you buy?
You want it to stay as good as it possibly can be.
They blew all that.
I hope you enjoy my blog.
They say no new taxes.
I like to watch comedy.
I've heard the name and that's about all it goes.
I don't have any children.
They mentioned that one only briefly.
Sleeping much more or less than usual.
That was a lot of fun.
In Massachusetts.
Fifteen minutes before.
You know, in the interest of full disclosure.
Places like Ross Dress For Less.
You could record it.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
You are kind of buff.
I bet that would be.
For having him out there.
Anything spiritual.
I never had either.
They don't compress at all.
I've got two kids to put clothes onto.
How does this grab you?
In the rivers and stuff.
The social structure of the Soviet Union.
If they're going to offer these services.
They are causing problems.
The other two are short hairs.
An invitation.
No rain in the last month.
To go to them first.
She tried to feel confident about her decision.
It's pretty funny.
This used car has it.
And I have a lot of choices right now.
When I went to work for them.
I enjoy having a nice looking yard.
How do you feel about that decision?
I think I was paid.
It is good for both of them.
The social changes.
It's almost radical to some people.
It's over on the other end.
And it sounds really neat.
Then you really get socked to it.
I haven't bought it now for about eight years.
If you're aware of this.
What did I make that night?
Most rap I don't like.
In inches or centimeters?
I like telling jokes.
Do you think my jokes are funny?
I like a good joke.
I was just joking around.
That's the same thing here.
She said, unable to keep the pain from her voice.
That just about what you said.
Morally, I don't like the idea.
That's why I like some diversity in my breakfast food.
I felt so sorry for him after that.
Pour it into a glass, serve and enjoy!
Doing things they like to do too.
The choice is up to each and every one of us.
She was on a carnival.
I think it promotes good family values.
If I put my mind to it.
I have a younger brother like that.
I think that's the main problem at this point.
We get along fantastically.
Pretty rough thing to be.
It seems that we've made our decision.
I'm surprised that more states don't do that.
I don't complain weather wise though.
They ruin someone else's life.
But your group of friends is quite large.
It's a good movie.
To find the right one.
How many people in your band?
She is scared to death of thunderstorms.
Whether it is science fiction or fantasy.
I'm in Texas too.
My hair is a mess.
An invoice, email, or quotation.
They've got some.
It's quick reading you know.
I was at one of the big hospitals in New York.
I have four children.
If that's what you have in mind.
With this problem.
The money that they apparently need.
These behaviors are acceptable and these are not.
Not really rationing water.
Looking at the degree at the end.
To San Francisco for dinner or something.
Because I never realized it.
The boy was conscious and breathing, police said.
That is not terrible.
I work so hard over the weekend.
At this point I had a bit of a meltdown.
The whole premise is that they go out.
I was one of the first to arrive.
You get mixed signals.
My husband says I do it.
Industry type places.
That's that microscopic stuff.
A lot of people I know.
They're just sort of into clothes.
We have day care.
There are no real recycling facilities.
Fifty to a hundred miles every Sunday.
About twenty after four.
Because there are many Italians in Argentina.
What was going on there?
It was my first time in the state of Ohio.
A certain amount of their salary would go to it.
Of course it was with a group.
It's a lot of money.
Some shows are good.
There was that big problem.
From our daily routine.
It was destroyed by the end of the year.
Oh that would be hard.
I think the Catholic religion itself is fine.
Traditional looking.
I mean about fifteen to twenty percent.
The first direction that I can see is up ahead.
Broadcast division of the Associated Press.
Just for that reason.
We're renting a house.
They haven't mass produced enough to do that.
I just think it's such a fun sport.
Oh I think so too.
Whatever manner they want to.
How old are your girls?
I lift weights quite a bit.
We chat at each other.
It's up north.
I don't make any money.
Who could have envisioned that?
All alleged democrats.
The air conditioning problem.
Work in the national parks.
The stable ponies do not let me close to them, usually.
There's a lot of crime.
Wait for anyone to join.
Around this time of the year.
Add a few drops of eucalyptus oil to the water.
I thought that was really funny.
Did that scare you a little bit?
I just feel much better.
When are you joining?
The equation of the party.
It's an odd film and it's really interesting.
What we call a sunroom.
We don't have to worry about that.
That's fantastic exercise.
Data entry stuff.
My teacher looked at it every week.
First thing I did.
That's nice over there.
We just got married.
I changed that.
Any advantage that they can take?
What point were you trying to make in any case?
They're all pretty good.
It's an external modem.
To move forward we have to make both versions visible.
A dish of some kind.
This was when the Peace Corps were first started.
I've also driven one at a track event.
I'm at work today.
The latest cereal.
I'm in the auto parts business myself.
Out of the city by myself.
I'm watching Saturday Night Live here.
Have you ever been?
What the qualifications of the teachers were.
I use a three iron off the tee.
A hundred and two sometimes.
In legislation or in work.
My grandmother's house.
Pleasure to meet both of you.
It was innovative.
A little closer to the edge.
I enjoy gardening.
Didn't he have a woman?
But at my brother's house I tried it.
You could join a walking club.
That's one way to end a conversation.
Have a good life.
As usual, the truth lies somewhere in between.
Either that or Mercedes.
They really are very good.
I watched some football.
It had existed for three years.
The rest of society.
I went skiing.
I guess what I'm trying to get at is.
A woman prosecutor there was murdered.
The nursing home that's just a mile from our house.
I don't very often.
Not one instance.
I grew up in New Jersey.
I don't care for the sound of the high notes.
There was somebody there for them.
So who do you think is going to win the playoffs?
What have your shows been like up to this point?
This was not an unusual request.
It's hard to pinpoint any one thing.
It's something you can all help with.
It's funny because it's not.
He just shot them himself.
Two hundred hours of community service.
All those factors played a part.
You ever seen that movie.
And I was telling him about a couple of weeks ago.
Before they took off this time.
Long story short.
I've always enjoyed doing it by myself.
Gosh, I'm so worried about this alien invasion.
Confusion at home.
The show has changed my life immeasurably.
Because that is a bulb.
He agreed to be in it.
How have we come to this point?
Cooking foods for her.
There is a good chance you're going to get off.
Actually I lived there.
At this point, the answer is irrelevant.
I hear what you're saying.
Is it pretty easy?
I went out to have a good time.
Some of their guidance.
Most of this area was developed.
We have some in laws.
Is that what you're in?
Public execution where it's visible.
Which is a lovely place to grow up.
He only had three employees.
Like a brisket or a roast.
I understand what you're talking about.
I would and I believe in this.
I could do this or that.
It's a little piece of land over there.
I heard it that time.
We have tried to help.
You watch, it'll be exactly the same.
Hotter than usual.
The qualified people.
Aren't you planning to have children?
You shouldn't have a problem with it.
Is that what that was?
I always put cheese on them.
Kind of like my idol when I was growing up.
They have been a couple of times.
There was a regime change.
I've got some exciting news to share about performance measurement.
He was voted the sexiest actor in movies.
It made us be more together.
Go and actually live in that country for a while.
We tried a place called Louisiana Purchase.
The money part of it is not as rewarding.
That's my favorite team.
I have seen that happen lots of times.
Sometimes it is the same people.
Three bread rolls.
They were referred to as savants.
So you have a child?
I'll call and find out.
I like my garden too.
It is difficult to predict at this point of time.
It uses more muscles than any other exercise.
It would still be hard even nowadays.
I do get tired of having to separate paper.
Taking a lot of time.
I'd probably get a third of a pound.
There's this one.
That's basically what we do.
Because I don't know the territory at all.
Ten dollars for the bridges and the roads.
We live in the country.
Please see my full disclosure policy for details.
I am against the taxes for them.
They should keep these people in prison.
I guess she wanted a private life.
They weren't drug fiends.
Put out the trash and stuff.
The original German version is here.
No one knows what that is.
Three hour difference.
That's maybe not so typical.
It's really a release.
It's that grandmother figure.
We have to get rid of them all.
That's the one I watch.
We've got to talk.
She reached up to massage her temples.
Electrical engineering.
I was able to help the coach.
Every other house.
That was Tuesday night.
That would be real good for us.
Know where to draw a line.
What's the word I want?
I thought about that.
Rather odd personality.
I hear mine saying no.
There's no hockey.
Did you start at the edge?
Because they fight the best.
You go ahead first.
Everything around here is set up that way.
I have really ballooned up since then.
Mostly what I wear are skirts and blouses.
I would like to do that as a friend.
It would not get performed by anybody.
Take us down to your new house
It seems that having gone through that is not helpful.
This idea is better than the one children had.
Do you remember making this decision.
Have you ever heard of stuff like this?
Someone will let you in our house in the new city.
I don't think of it as a problem.
She was trying to call you a couple of times.
It does not quite feel right.
I am going from here to there.
That is the one I was thinking about.
She got it just now for you.
They're going to make it even.
School day can be very long.
There are many other things that I know.
What are you doing our here?
Why don't you go up there and have a look?
My real home is right here.
I always go there on my way to school.
What is going on there?
Those are the ones I really enjoy.
I know this one will be really good.
Have you seen this movie?
Either keep your old stuff or buy new things.
We are getting old and work is also getting hard.
Everything I know about this is what I read last week.
Never ever give away your time like that.
Show me what you have.
I am still around if you want to talk.
Looking at the whole thing will make it easy.
Watch the car and the house while we are gone.
I am pretty sure I need less than this.
It is hard to have fun when you have to go to school with this boy.
There is a place to stay close to my house.
Could you take it off now?
What are they doing here?
I said it is nice but I am not into doing easy stuff.
I am around if you need me.
Place it just a little to the right.
People will come looking for water in this big old house.
I hope I look like I can point them to the right place.
They will take down many great movies any day now.
Anything will do at this time I guess.
Have you ever thought about it that way.
I will take very good care of your house.
The point I am making is that money is not everything.
I see, this is better than before.
I want to talk to you about a couple of things.
I really like her voice.
I hope you think I am doing a good job with this.
After talking to my family I know what is the right thing to do.
My house in the city is old but big.
Both of us will go to the city.
This is another thing to measure.
Everything was going very well.
Four hundred doesn't quite feel like a choice.
It is my pleasure to be able to show you my city.
I like to use it every work day.
This makes me less sure about our decision.
I will probably change my full time job at the end.
She was gone by the time I got there.
I need to be there.
The couple is trying to make this last for years to come.
Other little things can always work well here.
Can you think of a good name for our house?
Tell me what to do and I will get it done.
I care about it very much and so should you.
It can take up to two, three, four or even five hundred years.
Do you know some kind of car that is really good.
Doing both together is different and could be more hard work.
Those problems will never go away.
I can go with them and come back.
This is my idea to make it work well.
I will go around.
I am talking to my family.
It is looking quite hard.
Why don't you come here.
I usually go home by this time.
Please think this through.
I came here looking for you.
What are you doing right now?
I say we should do this.
We can't see it, can you?
Both of us are going.
This is very good.
I can give you a call next week.
I am trying to say the same thing.
How about we go there together?
Those look very pretty.
Either this week or the next one.
They're doing this on their own.
I hope this is what you need.
She will go around every time.
Saying this does not make it right.
I will have to measure if this is different.
Again, I think this is not the way to go.
Both of us can still make it in time.
You should feel very good about this.
This is far from it.
What makes you stay here?
This is our work.
We live next to the school.
I never guess anything.
Our problems are not very big as their problem.
Our college is quite interesting.
Does it ever go right?
Will you use any of this stuff?
This was a good call.
Going through the city is hard.
Guess who is coming home next week?
I can't hear your voice.
I really like it and yet I am not sure I want it.
How much money do you have?
Hundred things to do now.
Who went with you to the city?
My boy will go with you.
I will feel much better after this.
You have made a great choice.
Someone will give you a call next week.
Exercise is always good for you.
I believe we have to go to work now.
We have another day to make this right.
I own less stuff than you.
Come to see our new house.
I really like your new car.
How are you even here?
The whole thing went away just like that.
Our needs change over time.
What makes it interesting is that we are all different.
Though I can't let you in, you can stay out here.
Sure, I will give it to her when I see her next.
It's show time.
Come, take a look at this.
My family is going back home next week.
People should remember this.
I will join you after a couple of days.
You should take us with you.
Everything is looking good.
You should see our house.
This is looking bad, but we will make it.
It is made right here.
Let us find out what you need.
This is the most fun part.
I don't like to guess.
This better be good.
I want to eat with my family.
I've seen much more than this.
How old are you?
Water here looks different.
Both of you should make the decision together.
I usually love to eat there.
I will stay with you.
How many days of school are there in a year?
Both of them are still very new here.
Can you get my water?
It has been quite some time.
What do you mean?
Twenty such people came here last week.
I think children will really enjoy this.
This job will end in four years.
Someone is here already.
What are those?
Can you tell me how you exercise?
College can be a great place.
What do you think about it?
This will make it look good.
What is going on here?
Your hard work will pay off.
There will come a day when you will feel better.
What a fun place to be in.
Everything looks better here.
He said she can't come today.
It's a pleasure to work with you.
Why are you after this old car?
Do you remember anything?
All of us need to eat.
Your voice seems better now.
I am not talking to you.
Couple of days to go.
Some people are really good at it.
You should keep it with you for now.
Usually, I like to talk to them first.
How much money is this?
This is a very nice school.
Maybe we should think about it a bit more.
I can't believe how easy this is.
Most of us are going to go away.
My decision is already made.
Don't go back in there.
I didn't mean it like that.
The little one is up already.
Something must go.
What did you do before this?
First one is actually not that bad.
You can pay me two hundred now.
I can't care less about this.
Kids are here to eat.
Who needs a change?
This is even better than what we had before.
You must go through there first.
I believe what you are saying.
How do you have so many new ideas?
It is all coming down now.
We should use every last bit of it.
Kids are not alone in the house.
Show me what you have got there.
My country is very big.
I have a new idea right now.
This is still quite high for me.
I feel great about going to the city.
Do you have a place for my car?
It will probably be very nice.
My part in this is not very big.
Let me tell you my real name.
I hope you stay to eat with us.
I am just another person.
My high school was really my first choice.
I have everything I need right here.
Could you put that in the car?
He made our house look very pretty.
They are over there, I can see them.
I hope you heard what they said.
Your voice is very nice.
I enjoy my job.
This is my house.
Let me tell you about our work.
I am talking to you.
Come to see our work.
I have been there.
Are you going this week?
I have a lot to do.
I will get all of this done.
People will come now.
This is really very good.
I am good, how are you?
Will you come with me?
I can see her over there.
I can see you from here.
What did you say just now?
I know you like it.
Isn't this very good?
I like to go to the city.
I love my house.
I think that's the right way.
Please come here now.
I will be here all day.
Did you like our work?
I feel that this is really close.
When can we go to the city?
This is far away from my home.
I am not quite sure about it.
I work very hard.
I want to go there with my family.
You should see our work.
Your new house is very nice.
I don't have a choice.
I don't care about this.
We are very close to the college.
I want to go home now.
I will see you in two days.
It's good to know this.
I want to show you this.
Let us start going from here.
I really enjoy my time in the city.
I am doing quite well.
We made this decision at work.
When will you come here?
My other house is close by.
Many people will come for this.
They say it is quite easy.
What are you doing next week?
What is your name?
I can't believe this is real.
How is your life in the new city?
What choice do we have?
Did you like this?
We work very hard on this.
Yes, I would like that very much.
What time do you get off from work?
I can see you next week.
Can you hear me say this?
I don't get what you are saying.
I was not looking at it at that time.
Did you enjoy this movie?
Please come to see our work.
You know more about this than me.
He is twenty years old this year.
How much do you know about this?
This is looking very good.
Can you get me water?
Don't you think this is very good?
My family will come home now.
What do you think about this?
We should go there next week.
Anything will do for now.
These people are very kind.
What do you want to do now?
Some of us will go there first.
I like to watch that show.
I had fun last week.
You just have to try it out.
It has been a long time.
We should go there first.
Maybe he won't remember this.
I think I have seen this before.
My family is talking to me now.
Let's do this another day.
We have to go through the city first.
I have read this book hundred times.
My house is really not that far.
I will go there now.
She is away for a week.
She can do pretty much anything.
We can go around the school.
Only few people have seen this show.
I was trying to have some fun.
I need some more time for my work.
This place needs a change.
I am making this to eat next week.
Our problems will go away.
I do not own a car.
It is a pleasure to be with kids.
Our children are away at this time.
We were doing everything right.
Can you tell me my part?
I know this is a lot for now.
Most of these are quite old.
I would like to go to watch that new movie.
He is still here.
I used to like this show last year.
I'll be right back.
I will also come with you to eat.
We have made a right choice.
This work will take a couple of days.
We've seen better jobs.
Either this or that.
I left all my stuff at the college.
This is an interesting point.
I mean my home has everything.
He really said that to me.
I like my college more now.
We all need a change for a few days.
You should enjoy your time there.
Please take this back with you.
She went home last week.
How could you say this to me.
One more year has gone.
This is such a great place.
I think this is not very hard.
I will put my money here.
This was three years ago.
What was that other place?
Give this to me right now.
Yes, this is true.
I will not buy more of these.
We should go together to find him.
I love to talk with children.
Do you know what was here before?
Can you guess this movie?
People are just like that.
I used to do this in my college life.
Actually, we both work there.
I care about my school very much.
Old people will need help with this.
That boy was going over there.
Usually, this takes five days.
People have seen better times.
I don't like this sort of work.
I want to buy a house in the city.
I have not seen this yet.
Do you believe in me?
My idea points to the same thing.
Make sure you read it again.
I can stay here for few more days.
What does he do for work?
I must change my job soon.
I like to own less stuff.
Your place is looking great.
We are almost through.
I can talk to you while I work.
Someone left this here for you.
It's quite easy for you.
How can we measure this?
I'd love to join you to eat.
We will come after some time.
I always call her when I am there.
Do you even know what this is?
She went to find him just a while ago.
I don't remember this from last year.
We've seen this many times before.
This is my first day of college.
You have to live with the choice you made.
Your voice is getting better.
This couple is going home now.
This is big even for me.
I will say this only once.
Don't make me go there again.
How long have you been here?
What time is it?
Will you go back home right away?
I guess this is real.
I really want to go there.
What does this mean?
We all have a choice.
Is this your day off?
I was not in on this.
As you know, we will go there next week.
I want to make this very easy.
What are you doing?
We are all fine here.
This is looking great.
Who lives in this house?
We love to stay in the country.
All the work we can get done.
Are you up to it?
When I came you were gone.
So much to do and so little time.
What are you thinking right now?
Now I really want to know more about this.
What a pleasure to work with you.
My children live in the city.
We don't have much time.
I want to make this right.
He will pay for this.
My family will join us in a while.
What time will they come here?
I hope this will work out.
Some of us will stay at home.
You should make a different choice.
We must go there now.
All of us like this a lot.
Only five days to go.
Her house is so far away.
Which movie did you watch?
What do people think of me?
Where are you going next?
I was not sure this was the right thing to do.
So many things to do before next week.
You are very kind.
I love this movie too.
Please enjoy your stay here.
Only few more days to go.
I can't wait to see you.
I feel very good about this.
She did not say much.
Who needs so much stuff to live?
Maybe we do have a choice.
How much do I have to pay you?
Other people don't think this will do.
I'll have the same.
I have done this only once before.
This is a great place to live.
Who told you that?
That's not true at all.
How do you feel about going there?
I got some good exercise.
My city is full of interesting people.
Stay away from this house.
What's that you are looking at?
Five different ways.
This job is better than most.
Give me some time to think about it.
How are things at home?
Are you both doing the same job?
What did you find in the country?
That's not my problem.
Tell me what you think about this.
I guess this is quite real.
You made it look very nice.
What a pretty little place.
Where are you off to?
I still haven't made a decision.
I can't be away from work.
Maybe I will use it next week.
I have seen that boy before.
Where did they go?
Call me after a couple of days.
This is just another thing to remember.
Tell her that you will join the college.
I believe I get twenty points for this.
Having this idea seems very easy.
Stay close to the house when you go out.
I have seen that he goes there every day.
Could you measure this for me please?
How far are we from the city?
It will be easy if we do it together.
I can't come because my family is here.
Do you know what is at the end of this?
She was trying to live far from the city.
I need to look into this.
Your work is getting better.
We should probably see this at the end.
I wasn't looking for a new job yet.
Can someone go there in a couple of days?
I still care about my old stuff.
I can hear your voice from here.
What did you say your name was?
He called four times already.
Let us go around the house and take a look.
What makes you think this is interesting?
They are doing everything they can.
How do you feel about this choice?
This sort of thing is never good.
Everything seems fine here.
Small cars make less noise.
My friends will agree to go to class.
What is our budget after tax?
What difference will this separate education make?
He is going to nursing school.
My mother is here somewhere.
I understand the situation.
This local company will pick up.
I went to exactly seven places.
This deal depends on employees.
This is a cold sun room.
Crime and casualties will go up.
Every child needs good education.
I felt that we always spend less time on this topic.
I can view the situation myself.
Father likes to watch television in the evening.
My husband likes funny music.
Space outside biggest store is expensive.
What happened with all the snow?
Punishment should fit the crime.
This will appeal to regular sports team.
That woman suspected this lately.
Power will be off for an hour.
Which season is your favourite?
Nothing is as bad as driving in the capital.
I am a fan of the classical arts.
They got married in Dallas.
I was originally testing this group class.
What brings you guys here?
Families look forward to spending quality time here.
Bring that paid tax report.
I am in middle of the service.
Women loved this cat that came along.
My wife is clear on this topic.
They will listen to your word.
Order our regular today.
Mother was driving for thousand miles.
North of here is a small company.
Avoid this music with your baby.
My heart is not in camping.
Government changed this policy.
Half of this side was awful.
Have you lived in Detroit lately.
This was in the course program.
My parents wouldn't vote in the future.
Major interest on social credit.
My daughter likes this class.
They will catch that guy.
This was not in our visual field.
Luck and experience are both important.
I will cook at least something to eat.
Can you sell this piece to me or is it free?
They started without me.
That is a very cold country.
This will soon become trash.
Pick a nice place outside.
It grew rather soon into a big company.
Basically, enough to appear true.
Paper cut is not the best.
Set it away till your turn comes.
That seems like an expensive policy.
Are you certain that these are baseball clothes?
American teams do quite well in baseball.
That Variety report will miss number of points.
Growing your benefits is important.
Tax season is coming soon for the companies.
Which is your favourite capital city?
Everyone will read this newspaper tomorrow.
What kind of luxury will you have in the future?
I certainly sold books to a friend for his education.
Get the interested people here.
I like light and white clothes.
What's the matter with you today?
This college program looked wonderful.
What will be the cost to run this company?
Sports section in the newspaper.
Let's get started early in the morning.
This food sometimes is not enough.
Couldn't you wait till the end of the game?
You were late to pick food up.
Past companies were also near Dallas.
This is a special quality piece.
What's on your mind today?
I knew you were reading this book.
We moved to live near the coast.
Second one comes in seven minutes.
Which version of news is true?
We should record this somewhere.
Go to room number five.
Who's coming in the evening?
Yes, our power is out.
This is unusual for my local friends.
Air can cost us money in the future.
We use less oil to cook our food.
What will happen on the weekend?
Sports is their biggest business.
Who's that woman in the light?
I wouldn't vote for them anymore.
Super computer will be here soon.
System benefits only some people here.
My mother will order this ahead of time.
I felt living with this group was great.
This way snow will not stick to the cars.
I would rather wait for a month.
They started to turn too soon.
I couldn't miss this game again this year.
They are forward looking people.
Our vision should be clear.
To her credit, she did quite well.
I have my card somewhere.
You should listen to this yourself.
Employees are worth more than anything else.
Is there any deal to record?
I am late and will miss my class.
This is exactly the law.
Check if the air is clean.
I can walk to get the books.
Other teams have more power.
I was thinking what happened was very unusual.
My child has a wonderful friend.
This will get easier soon.
I am in the line for hours.
She likes watching that true crime show.
Which areas are under testing?
She went across snow field.
It depends on different places.
This gave me a lot of trouble.
We will talk about budget in the class.
They will trash the camping field.
I knew how this business worked.
What is this awful noise?
She loved driving to see her friends.
This policy will give more power to others.
This will be the death of newspaper.
Please go away from here.
Of course, the store is very close.
Whatever the jury says will be the law today.
My friend said that their service was bad.
It is unusual for her to walk away.
We got married just a few miles from here.
Please give us fifteen more minutes.
My baby thinks his father is very funny.
At least the book comes free with music.
We try to pick up local food.
In my view, this guy will miss the game.
Some luck helps in the baseball game.
I have mostly seen men talking about it.
They are running the story in the newspaper.
Business means making hard choices.
What are you doing over there?
I think this is too much for me.
That is a very nice car.
What have you done now?
It was very nice to see you.
This is a very big house.
How long will you be away?
Did you enjoy the city?
Call me when you have some time.
We should change the way we think.
How much time do you have for me?
I hope you are not going there.
I think it is gone now.
I want to go home.
We should do something about this.
I hope you like your new job.
He came to live with us for four days.
Please take this stuff with you.
Do you really think this is true?
How many things do you want?
Please come back and take care of this.
I guess it is not a very big place.
How far are you from me?
Most kids can read this.
Their house should be very close.
When will you go up with them?
She said there will be more people.
How much can he do?
What do you mean by this?
How much time will you take?
I don't know if I can be there.
That's all I have with me here.
I can't see them here.
I hope you come to my house.
I have something to show you.
What have they done now?
So, what's new with you?
I used to go there with my family.
How many years did it take?
They are very kind to me.
I want to go out.
There should be some more here.
Some of us are about to come back.
This is really a lot for me.
Where will you go from here?
Do you think this is a bad idea?
You are right on point.
Have fun on your day off.
This is too little for all of us.
Everything is still here in the house.
What would you like to eat?
What did you want to show me?
I love what I am doing now.
What made you go there early?
I just love to tell this story.
This was an easy choice for me.
I can see this is quite hard.
I will think about it.
Why don't you stay with us for the day?
I hope you feel better soon.
What is the first thing you can see?
A local person gets this.
What else would you like to hear?
I love my small dog.
I have high hope for you.
Somebody tried to come in very early.
My company has paid all taxes on time.
This is the best area in my house.
This looks very neat.
Thank you for your help.
I got a paper cut.
What is the state of your old book?
Your voice sounds great today.
I know about this team.
I am free to hear good music.
Let's sell these books to kids in school.
Here comes my friend.
My baby can wait here for some time.
Will you come home late today?
This story sounds very funny.
Why did you take this course?
Maybe we can keep some of this.
What do you mean by more power?
I can sell all my clothes.
I felt funny in this space.
I cannot store this, my house is full.
We should check the cost first.
I will see this game very soon.
I like to do field work.
Have you called her about your car yet?
This will not go down well either.
Those are the ones that I always own.
This house has a nice city view.
We think there is more to this story.
This is such a good movie to watch.
Who said these choices were easy?
Let's talk about this first.
I hope you have good luck with this.
I have found this new play set.
The woman and the man both like their cat.
Can you find a program that you like?
I am free in the evening to read the book.
We should think twice about it before making a decision.
This certainly seems awful to me.
Making this policy only once will not help.
We should leave early today to get ahead.
I don't like this anymore, I think.
How much space do you have in your yard?
I have known this friend for twenty years.
Her parents did not let her join the group.
What is your major in the new college?
Do you have interest in this company?
What you said sounds important.
This big house has a lot of space and light.
This will appeal to both girls and boys.
My baby will miss this class today.
I was very late as I had to walk.
Tell me a story about your children.
The baby may not like it very much.
My daughter has a white cat.
There is a fan in the middle of this room.
I will certainly take a look at it later today.
What is this company worth?
Are you an arts major in the collage?
This couple is known to cook good food.
I agree with you and that is the fact.
We should start this paper early.
The cat is older than my girl.
Please give me your company card.
The company will vote him out.
This program will give many choices.
Pick this piece up and move it to this side.
Avoid this college course.
They will give this book away for free.
I have known this story since I was a baby.
Basically, what will you do for the employees?
I have to walk to the store to pick up some food.
What will happen to your business now?
Kids are very social at this age.
Give yourself half day to cook this.
I want to sell this old piece for a lot of money.
Avoid too much oil in your food.
Sometimes this is enough for me.
My dog is doing fine with my friend.
Do you mind going to the class today?
Please turn around and come home.
Your case is different than usual.
How much money did you spend on college?
This will cost us five hours and ten minutes.
How much time have you spent living in Texas?
My father states that this amount is important.
We often like to eat local food.
This guy makes bad choices.
I grew up in the city, but I have changed now.
I would rather avoid taking my baby there.
What else do you think is in store for us?
This person needs your help now.
My daughter might enjoy this class.
Mine was actually very funny.
My parents will sell their old house.
Driving early morning in the snow is awful.
These teams were clear from the start.
Nothing will help them get along.
She enjoyed her sports car.
This matter is in the past.
I grew up reading this book.
I wanted to know what comes after this.
I like the early morning hours.
Which topic did you talk about in your class.
She should get credit for her work.
Will you head home after college?
Good luck with your baseball game.
This woman lived there for seven years.
Wait for your turn in this room with books.
The usual looking ones are mine.
This large space is not for trash.
Did you hear what young people in the group said?
I was working there since last ten years.
Does your dog like to play with kids in this big space?
What kind of music do you enjoy?
I might have to leave very soon.
She takes after her mother.
I want to hear your version of the story.
I was clear that this is certainly wrong.
I want to be there from the start of the movie.
He is coming to stay with us for one month.
He likes driving for miles and miles in the country.
This guy will mostly sell this art for credit.
You've made this very clear to me.
I don't want to set all the trash in my yard.
Bring me my computer please.
Others will not have any power over this.
We have already talked about music.
I felt wonderful with this group.
I couldn't wait for one whole month to check.
We can play whatever music you enjoy.
I think this paper is really very funny.
Check the air quality outside.
I often make good food.
I'm in middle of some important work.
Teachers of classical arts in the capital.
Are your friends interested in the game?
Testing depends on sound quality.
Everyone mostly loved the space.
I'm in the third year of my nursing course.
It is important to understand this fact.
This experience rather helps.
I will pay for half of the budget.
Their credit is very high at this point.
We are recycling the newspaper.
Who's your favourite cook?
Companies are trying to form great teams.
North side is getting very cold lately.
Nothing seems easier than watching television.
Division of work is important in a team.
This situation depends on some luck and hard work.
Which college program have you looked at?
Lately my daughter has started a new company.
Driving in snow is difficult.
They are certain about that invasion.
We expected better quality in the past.
American families are quite social.
We sold our growing camping company.
I have a number of visual choices to make this fall.
Parents are interested in quality education.
I agree that this was supposed to appeal to people in the future.
This room seems to be really cold.
How many days do you need?
I think people are right about this.
We hope there will be more next week.
What made you feel good?
How many years has it been?
It's better if I go in first.
Let's go some place far away.
Tell me what you really think.
Is this a good time to talk?
You can leave the kids with me when you go out.
I should thank all of you for coming today.
I have to buy back to school stuff.
Please get in the line.
Catch me if you can.
Every person here is looking at us.
Please come home soon.
My kid loved the new room with the city view.
I tried being there for you.
I have heard it is all true.
You know you can talk to me about this.
Someone should give you something to eat.
What makes you think something is wrong?
Please do not make me go there now.
Give me your name card.
There's a lot to do this week.
This baby loves your music.
Who knew what was coming next.
Who else knew about this?
I can hear the noise.
Everything will be fine soon.
Go play outside.
I will miss my work today.
It is cold outside.
I hope we have luck with this.
He will keep coming back to eat.
This can happen to the best of us.
I knew the minute I saw the paper.
Which country did you visit last year?
Watching this topic grow is wonderful.
You'll spend all your life working.
Nothing is more important than power to them.
Which team are you on?
She knew this city very well.
It will get easier as the days go by.
This is a fine cat.
You must go now; you are already late.
I think somebody will measure how far that is.
I would rather eat cold food.
It is always better to go there early.
The joy of the weekend with family is something else.
I will leave for the city tonight.
I will walk the dog in the evening.
How many friends do you have?
The baby is having fun with you.
I am doing fine for now.
What is going on in your head?
What kind of music do you like to listen?
He was super nice to me.
You can thank me later.
I will join this company very soon.
Yes, that might be the case.
It felt that we have known each other for a long time.
This was in the local newspaper today.
It is important for me to spend time with kids.
Will you play with the baby?
I will set the food here.
What's wrong with this company?
My vision is good for this game.
My team will call you about this in a bit.
What brings you to our company?
Please make your case now.
You may wait here in this room.
Whatever you think is right.
I am certain that this is true.
My choices were still better.
Do you believe in this part?
This is a public place.
Local people will sell this for less.
This music sounds wonderful.
This is such a great start to the job.
I hope you understand that this work takes time.
This is quite unusual.
I will soon be able to turn around.
I will order some food for everyone here.
What amount will make a difference?
I paid five hundred dollars for new clothes.
My baby cannot stay ten minutes without me.
I saw somebody working very late.
This woman knew exactly how much to pay.
Keep this stuff with you for now.
What changed your mind?
This new policy will not appeal to women.
Trash talk in sports is not right.
I love to hear classical music.
I understand that it's very late.
I couldn't stick around for long.
My group felt that this could be much better.
He has changed his ways.
Everyone near the city left early.
I told you, the view from here is great.
American teams will fall back this season.
This will be the biggest evening of the year.
My father is a wonderful cook.
Pick a company that you are interested in.
That boy was not in the class today.
Which places do you like to visit?
It depends on your living situation.
One thousand people came to listen to this music.
I will take a large piece of this food.
I don't mind coming back later.
Bring my computer report please.
You may look at this social situation.
Half of my class went to watch this movie.
This is the real social credit for us.
Clean water is important for living here.
It is probably true, but we must still try.
I didn't catch your name at first.
What are you taking with you to the college class.
Her husband told me about her new business.
They will place you in the first division.
The news in the paper is mostly public now.
The amount of work depends on your field.
America is the biggest country in the north.
My husband left without me.
Employees living in Texas made a deal with the company.
Morning hours bring luck to the business.
Let me tell you a funny story about my kids.
Water and air in the country are clear.
Having read such a great book feels wonderful.
My vision is quite different from your vision.
My mother always brings her television with her.
My dog will avoid this food at any cost.
This says a lot about you than me.
Another month went by just like that.
No problem, this is not a trouble.
Let's wait for them outside in the sun.
I will mostly go for a run at night.
What class do we have today?
It is easier to be early than late.
I loved the second report.
Are you saying there is no crime in your city?
The store will close at twelve.
Living under budget is difficult in the city.
It all depends on your interest.
This is a luxury sports car.
My daughter will record her music for the family.
Who really gets to pick their college?
I will wait for a couple of days before calling back.
My mother has the biggest heart.
All this power has gone in his head.
The visual appeal of your art is great.
Driving all the way to just order some food is bad.
Thirty American people made this policy for everyone.
Our daughter is the light of this family.
They gave us new budget today.
These are two separate issues.
What an awful news to hear in the morning.
I love this card game.
Please sit here with me for some time.
Our children soon grew out of their new clothes.
Cold air can be quite fun.
Teachers are very clear about this topic.
What fun it is to play at home.
Do you take credit card?
I knew this was going to be a bad choice.
I felt I knew them for a long time.
Please walk fast if you don't want to run.
I couldn't stick my check back in this book.
Our class was only half full today.
We should try to buy more local food.
I have changed my mind about running on the weekend.
I am just taking back whats mine.
I know you will keep talking about yourself.
This movie was made on a small budget.
This is a social newspaper.
Parents will agree with teachers.
Weekend reading is quite fun.
Everyone will get a piece of this.
My experience there was easier.
Luck brings more luck.
Please come through the small door.
I am old so my vision is not as good as it once was.
It is best to hear this story from the start.
Basically, I set everything to the side for now.
It is a joy to watch you play this game.
They hope that this policy will cut the crime.
I knew this would happen one day.
How many states in America get a lot of snow?
What is your experience with this company?
Baseball is my favourite game.
She called to check if the car was already full.
This is a great month because the business is under budget.
Exercise will help with your problem.
Their computer team was especially large.
Our choices will make a difference for sure.
I knew how to cook with less oil or no oil.
Punishment should always fit the crime.
This is a major part of our work.
Can you talk me through this?
They went away for a long time.
I hope everything here is good.
You can sit next to me.
This company paid very well.
I will be done with work by the end of the day.
Will you take back what you just said?
I got a new job in this company.
I will leave for college soon.
The city is not what it used to be.
I would love to see my family soon.
I am sure it is not as bad as it looks.
We should all help each other.
Local people are very kind.
What does this house cost?
What will happen next?
You made it very clear.
How do you feel about this class?
What do you think about this new policy?
I really enjoy your company.
Who's your favourite teacher?
What makes you think I can do this?
It seems like we should help them.
I've lived in Texas for four years.
Who knew this would happen.
It's easy to enjoy this country.
Does this course interest you?
Your baby will enjoy his visit.
This sounds really wonderful.
I will not change your mind.
This case is still very new.
Where have you been all this time?
I have not seen you in class for a while.
I'll be here in case you need me.
Which movie did you enjoy last week?
The city is not that far from here.
This policy will help a lot of people.
Can you turn off that music?
What kind of noise is that?
I could help you find it.
What kind of place is this.
The first group will go ahead.
I will be home with my family.
Most people didn't enjoy this play.
I'm making some food for us.
What did you read in the paper?
I feel cold in this house at night.
I can hear your voice.
I find that very funny.
I think this is for the best.
Can you play with my dog for a bit?
College will not be easy.
I am a big fan of her music.
Please leave me alone for a while.
Do you know the cost of this book?
Please leave some food for me to eat.
What will happen if you join them?
I won't say I told you so.
I feel we could do much more.
How much work do you have to do now?
This camping field is very clean.
Do not talk to me like that ever again.
Being home with my family brings me joy.
I am not sure if I can do this.
Can I ask you something important?
I like to visit there once in a while.
I grew up in this small country.
These basic needs should be met.
This is my favourite car.
My family and friends need my help.
My friend moved to Texas.
I would like to just sit here and eat.
This job gives me so much joy.
I like the way you cook.
You have made the right choice.
This is our new company policy.
This will give you some peace of mind.
I might not go to work.
Of course, I will come.
I look forward to working with you.
Lives are getting better around the world.
We can do this together.
Someone once told me to work hard.
Do you remember the next line?
She is the best person for the job.
I gave this some thought over the weekend.
Someone probably knows about this.
People believe a cat has nine lives.
There are many decisions to make today.
They won't give it away for free.
This is actually a very interesting point.
We were once very good friends.
I don't think anyone cares about the future.
What is your budget for the house?
This will be a new government policy.
Let past be in the past.
What day is today?
That is the biggest cat I have ever seen.
Public schools are better.
This is unusual for the people in the north.
He lived a very public life.
Actually, I went through all the books.
He made a collage for his art class.
Having to measure this every day is no fun.
Social recycling program is going great.
I often find joy in these situations.
This will not win you any points.
Basically, this house is too large for my family.
My father was being very funny in the morning.
This is a great way to try different things.
Do you believe in yourself?
She went to college in another country.
It's easier to take care of a small baby.
My husband rather finds it funny.
This is her second music record.
Nothing major is going on.
Talk to your favourite teachers first.
My parents made difficult decisions easier for me.
My dog will play with his food.
Haven't you watched that movie before?
My daughter thinks there are better places to visit.
She is the head of this company.
How often does somebody read this book?
I have not seen these problems yet.
Whatever makes you feel better.
Children are going to play cards.
Each of us should think about recycling.
You play this game with a joy stick.
My team is like a family to me.
My mother thought this will bring more trouble.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we go together?
I catch myself watching this show quite often.
You are always the first one to come.
Do you like your new watch?
This is such a big city.
I love talking to you.
My kids will come home soon.
Are you sure they said that?
Yes, I can hear you.
Are you going to be around next year?
I haven't seen this movie yet.
We should go over this once again.
My money is on this team.
I think your choice is right.
I want to spend a couple of hours on this.
What have you done?
I hope this place is as good as it looks.
I know we can make this better.
He said that he was looking for his book.
I am looking for a different job.
Most of us think this is pretty good.
Let's take your car to work.
We went there four hours ago.
Everything is taking more time.
Local people will help you.
They sold their big old house in the city.
Where are you going?
Remember to take your stuff with you.
Please come back home soon.
You have made that very clear to me.
Have you made a decision yet?
We want to sell our house in the city.
We are all fine over here.
He will run to the school today.
The fact is that we worked hard on this.
She is just a little girl.
Could you get mine too please?
Did you find what you were looking for?
This is exactly what we need to do now.
He is not a very good boy.
Friends between school and college.
She gave me a number of books.
This system works very well for us.
That woman looked over my head the whole time.
We went to the same high school.
Do you need my help to look after the baby?
Exactly how many choices do we have?
Let's play cards on the weekend.
I feel bad about leaving you alone.
Good luck with your new job.
Government decisions are quite important.
Do you usually place this on the side?
I think that's a little expensive.
How is your morning going?
Basically, the city has a drug problem.
These are all interesting choices.
There is something wrong with the college system.
She took the first car she found.
Each move will get them close to the city.
What's the matter with this government?
Enough has been said already.
This is an interesting choice.
Do you understand that your friends cannot join you?
They are recycling more lately.
It all depends on how this sounds.
Who says this is the future?
Nothing goes past my mother.
What is your favourite capital city?
How long have you known each other?
Interest on my credit card is quite high.
Business experience will be important.
What does your heart say about this?
Do you like to play sports?
My parents will always think about the future.
Your daughter will certainly help them.
I looked at my yard and it had white snow.
This story is not exactly funny.
I am trying to look past it, but I can't.
Who told you that the city is in the north?
How many miles did you run?
Five of us are coming tonight.
The sun will set in the evening.
Good music comes with a great cost.
This capital city has many companies.
I thought you might agree with the jury.
I can hear myself and my friends in this room.
The college days are gone.
What's in store for us this year?
Families need to spend quality time together.
They will start new game this fall season.
Lay it to dry under the sun.
Does anybody care about the game?
They have a special system to report these things.
I like to get up early in the morning.
Watching movies is good for kids education.
She got into trouble for coming third.
Would you rather watch another show?
Space invasion is not the way to go.
He has a lot of power over other teachers.
Everyone thought cold season is not good for the heart.
Do you find joy in your work.
How old do you think I am?
Let's get here before everyone else.
I mean this is a nice house for sure.
I believe this is not our problem.
I read to my kids every day.
They think we are still working on this together.
What do you want to buy from the store?
I am sure she will enjoy this book.
I wasn't trying to talk you out of this.
I need to get this done right now.
This was a hard paper.
There is so much more to know.
How many points did you get?
Basically, how long do you want to wait?
He has changed since high school.
She is trying hard to come first.
You can keep the change for now.
I am here because you called me.
You should sell old things before you buy new stuff.
Everything here is as it should be.
I have seen him taking care of the dog.
I love American education system.
We enjoyed the movie on this occasion.
Local experience in the country was wonderful.
Please give us enough time to change.
I saw the same person again.
I feel that every country can try to be better.
Another person will join us soon.
I like this type of music.
Our business is going well.
It sounds like you don't mind this change.
You should mostly avoid talking about yourself.
Give me your credit card.
Are you done with this?
Should I take this away?
We were in the line for hours.
The game starts now.
We need only five of these right now.
May I come in?
Where are you?
We haven't been there in a while.
I don't mean you should go there right now.
This new company policy is good.
Who told you that about me?
This is me after getting a credit card.
I have been a good person.
You are not going with me.
I will know it's true when I hear it.
We have company.
This is the house of cards.
This is as far as I come.
You will have to go alone from here.
This is my favorite place to watch the sunset.
Stick that here on the paper.
My father will cook my favorite food.
Do you want some company?
She is really good at this.
Thanks for coming here with me.
I don't know what's next.
I know what it must have felt like.
It seems that you really want to go.
Do you remember where you left your book?
I hope we find a nice place.
It doesn't say anything.
They did not tell me anything about this.
I didn't know you had company.
Do you know who called for help?
I went looking for that place to eat.
Well, I'm not going there.
How much work do you get done in a day?
Can you tell me your name?
How much space do you need?
It takes years to make big money.
What is good about this job?
Think before you say anything.
Let the kids play for some more time.
This couple will show up soon.
Do you still need my company?
I enjoy reading my favorite book at night.
Please wait for me, I'm running late.
You didn't hear this from me.
I like this house very much.
She is full of hope this year.
They live across the street from us.
I have field work for the next whole month.
Keep the car with you for now.
I hope you will come home soon.
Come, I will show you the way.
I have not seen him for many years.
I guess I enjoy my walk to work.
I don't think they can get away with this.
I will take care of this next week.
I am talking to the children.
Let's take a quick walk.
We moved to this city last year.
I want to take my dog for a walk.
I will work part time to pay for my college.
Maybe it's not that far.
My call did not go through.
My vision is pretty good.
We should turn around and go back.
Families like to visit this place together.
He would like to visit all those places again.
Could you bring that paper with you?
I know this because I have seen it before.
We will need a saw to cut this.
I wanted to wait for you, but it was getting late.
The jury will make the final decision.
Do you want to play outside?
I enjoyed this new game.
I did not catch what you just said.
It doesn't matter anymore.
The class was only half full.
We have a lot of food at home.
I will pick you up after work.
It is such a wonderful day.
The baby is growing up.
There is only one fan in this big room.
I am working on our company taxes now.
You can give me a call on this number.
What will happen to our business?
I think this looks fine.
Someone will let you in soon.
These measures will help us.
We have miles to go.
That guy made many good choices.
What is the state of your company now?
I want to see what will happen next.
This city has a very high cost of living.
It is not clear if this was a crime.
Maybe what they said is really true.
My family is in the city right now.
The law book is clear on this.
What's the special occasion?
Do you have a hundred dollars?
One person cannot change the whole world.
Do they teach long division to kids in school?
My wife went to the store as usual.
I couldn't have started without you.
What do you usually do in the morning?
Actually, I find it interesting.
They had this invasion in mind for quite a while.
So, what's the program for today?
Please let's change the topic.
Good morning, boys and girls.
Should we go over the company budget?
How was your camping experience with the kids?
I am reading a book on business.
I often felt that it is important for you to know this.
She came across as a wonderful and kind person.
I try to avoid these problems.
How do your employees deal with this?
I went to work as usual in the morning.
I have enough money for my college.
Do little kids ever think before talking?
Did you check this yourself?
The teacher is watching us.
Do you want some water?
It is enough food for a baby.
I don't find this funny at all.
Your vote will decide the future.
Illinois is still an hour away.
Just listen to yourself.
Somebody will point it out soon enough.
It will probably take more time.
He can look after the child for a few hours.
Are you free this evening?
Her husband told her that.
That girl had a small stick with her.
That guy was talking to my father.
There is a small house at the end of this street.
They will change this system soon.
It is never too late for education.
This luxury house is great.
This is a separate topic.
Your room looks very neat.
You can pay us with a check if that helps.
The government made this new food policy.
We were supposed to go there first.
Basically, this is your decision.
I don't remember going there as a child.
That woman knows that this fact is true.
I will certainly do this again.
Whatever you say, this fact will not change.
Is it worth bringing kids with us?
This topic does not get talked about often.
I want to pick a nice place for my parents to visit.
Employees need this experience to grow.
Parents have to spend a lot of money on a good school.
This local store will always sell good quality food.
We are going to have a great time.
We plan to clean the whole house this weekend.
The business will grow with some luck.
I do social work for a living.
I am certainly not a morning person.
I want to tell my friends what happened.
They will do the credit check for free.
Only the head teacher at the school can make this decision.
Please record everything you see here.
I am going to a public nursing school.
The government and states do not agree on this.
They live just outside Texas.
I will bring this to you in a minute.
Things have changed in Detroit.
Education is very important to these families.
It is such a wonderful story to tell.
Teachers will teach long division to young children.
We certainly need some change here.
I can fix this in fifteen minutes.
Reading this book gives me great pleasure.
I will sort my clothes out tonight.
We have a full program this year.
Everything looks so different in the evening.
I bought this game for the boys.
My husband loves this music.
The store is seven miles away.
Tell us what needs to happen now.
I do not want to listen to this anymore.
Who gave you this credit card?
This person will leave everything for the kids.
They are a little old for this baseball game.
We need more water.
I originally wanted to take this art class.
Air in the country is clean.
They will be married in a month.
I am in the middle of an important call.
He doesn't care about the future.
Making enough money is also important.
There is some confusion about this program.
What are we supposed to do?
We must find somewhere to stay tonight.
You are more fun though.
Hunter safety program.
If it is going to make any effect.
They bloomed in the Spring.
I would have done the same thing.
It's a low key place as far as the dress code goes.
My first two children.
The political environment there.
We have to get him back to that point again.
I am going in.
Try to think about it from their point of view.
Then you could see him at the reunion.
It is up in Minnesota, where I am now.
They will wear it with a nice top.
It just has a really bad problem.
We don't throw any money away.
The headlines on the news are scary.
There is no possible way that you could do it.
I have traveled around the world a few times.
He patted his pocket and said one hundred percent.
It takes two and a half hours to get there.
Essentially anything you can find in a house.
The judge sentenced them to three life times.
I don't know if you follow this show.
Do you work with a private corporation or with the government?
You live in such lavish style.
They renamed their jobs.
How have you changed your opinion?
I hope you enjoyed it!
I have heard quotes.
I'm at the theater.
You have to cut each one.
The accused has the right to a speedy trial.
Or your child accidently did.
They probably do.
Hawaii is my favorite state.
Depending on the moisture content.
It is just my husband and I.
I think I do it subconsciously.
Be safe, take your time, and enjoy the view.
I caught up in a class I am taking.
You're going to learn how to shoot a gun.
Well I'm just thanking heaven.
Where they make music.
We will probably something like that.
You are manipulating the equation.
You're learning the foundations of the nation.
I have probably heard him.
That was a pretty delicate thing to do.
Give him it for a trade in.
I will let you start.
Testing on the ground itself at that point.
It is green sometimes.
Change the television channel.
What I'm using now is Jamaican curry powder.
You pay more taxes.
Please have them pick up around the school yard.
I have a lot of experience with cars.
They're always saying that somebody is going.
Stocks in Europe and Asia also fell.
Our yard is so small.
It was a little bit hard to hear.
But I was thinking about it.
Last week we got a lot of rain.
Field of Dreams was a good movie.
We had one of the financial companies call us.
They are pretty young.
We don't know how long it will be.
Even though they didn't bring it inside.
I'm not old enough to remember that one.
It was not worth it.
I think it is pretty darn good.
They are migrant Hispanic farm workers.
Our company does some good things.
What do you enjoy most about the sport you play?
Most of Asia shows the opposite trend.
This was a unique point in the history of the show.
He did all the roofing work by himself.
The audience was great.
I would not mind having one.
You are from the Dallas area in Texas.
For me it's actually a pretty good topic.
We quit that about two years ago.
And it evokes an emotional response.
But they are so cute.
How long was that movie?
She really enjoyed her life.
It was a waste of paper.
He has a good moral background.
Toy planes have to have wings.
Have you heard of the dependency inversion principle?
I want him back, but it is not my decision.
I like miniature poodles and other small dogs.
They really should not be in there.
I don't even own a bike.
I can do enough damage with those two.
A good mix of people who have the same interests.
I enjoy taking care of them and bringing them flowers.
I loved the movie.
The wind and sun and everything was incredible.
I enjoy when they come over.
There will be penalties and fines and punishment.
My vocabulary is pretty limited.
Vitamins and nutrients are essential for good vision.
Let's take this as an example.
We've been there once at night on Christmas.
The contest itself is exciting.
I had to let go of the illusion of control.
They're in good spirits.
It is very little.
It turned out to be an excellent decision.
I am living in that dorm.
Violent crimes must be punished.
This piece is obviously expensive.
It is a matter of choice.
As far as I'm concerned, he could get away with it.
I saw what looked like a fight.
That would not work for him.
That is very interesting.
They asked for my home phone number.
It is like a hundred degrees outside.
He was also kind of tough.
They are into so many different things.
Coconut oil is a home remedy.
That's really about it.
Kids could see their parents more frequently.
I can remember when our children were small.
Go out and take a lunch hour.
It is a pretty large church.
That is a big expenditure.
We took another friend with us.
I find I have to get the right kind of thing.
Everybody that I talk to is in Dallas, Texas.
I played for the frisbee club in high school.
And I guess maybe that's just the way it is.
I went to an entirely different bank.
He is more dedicated to the issues.
All the services are charging more money.
That was what I was going to say.
They have your identification on file.
The price is forty dollars every two weeks.
I just did not have to make that choice.
The Board of Supervisors has gathered for a meeting.
The senior citizen's home is nearby.
A big chunk of it is word processing.
How can I make my voice heard?
It had a face that looked like a mouse.
They took my dental insurance away.
I hope it is you.
You up?
Is my nurse very hungry?
They need it coming.
I need good glasses.
Bring my music here, please.
Am I right?
I do feel it.
I am coming right up.
Yes, it is good.
I need my music.
I do need you.
Do not clean it.
How is that going?
I hope my family is closer.
What do you do here?
I do not have hope.
It is right.
I do not like glasses.
Bring my nurse.
Are you coming up here.
I feel bad here.
You are not okay.
You have it like that.
I hope I have good family.
Not coming up.
You do not need glasses.
Is my nurse closer?
You are what?
They hope they have my faith.
You are no good.
What is it you need?
They are not thirsty.
I hope my nurse is here.
Is my music good?
Where are my glasses?
They are coming closer.
They do not have faith.
Bring my family here, please.
I am here.
My family is not very tired.
I am going outside.
How do you have it?
They do okay.
That is like success.
How am I going outside?
You need it right here.
You have no computer.
Do you have success?
I hope my nurse is comfortable.
Do it please.
They hope I am closer.
Where is my hope?
I like that here.
They hope it is okay.
Please tell my nurse I am good.
Tell my family they feel hungry.
No, you are not going.
You have music.
You clean it up.
Do you like music?
Do you need help here?
I feel very tired.
What do they have?
That is it.
What do you have?
That is yes.
My family is good.
Are you right here?
You feel very bad.
I need that.
I hope they are closer.
I am clean.
No, I am not hungry.
Are they very thirsty?
You hope they are not here.
How is my nurse?
I hope that you are.
You do not like my nurse.
They need it right here.
Do they have family?
Are you coming up?
Not here please.
Are you very hungry?
I feel you.
Tell my nurse you are not hungry.
I hope they are here.
Not bad, right?
They are not tired.
It is what they have.
My nurse is not going.
Yes, I am very good.
How do they do it right?
They like my glasses like that.
They feel comfortable.
My computer is not good.
They are right outside.
Tell my nurse you are not comfortable.
They are coming right up.
Do I have success?
You hope you have my faith.
You hope my nurse is good.
My family is okay.
What do you need?
Please bring my family here.
They are not coming.
I do not like music.
You need glasses.
I do have hope.
They have no faith.
Hope you do good.
What do I tell my family?
It is not bad.
Please tell my nurse I am hungry.
I hope my family is good.
What do you have here?
How do you like that?
I tell you I am thirsty.
Are they very hungry?
Is my family coming?
I hope you have good glasses.
Clean up it.
Hope you have it.
I hope my nurse is closer.
What music is it?
I do not like that.
Yes, my family is going here.
Where they are going.
I hope you are here.
Please bring it.
Where it is?
I hope you like my family.
Where you going?
Bring my glasses here, please.
I hope that you like it.
I hope they are coming.
You do not need that.
Tell my nurse you do not feel thirsty.
They do not have my faith.
I do not need it.
My hope is my success.
They hope my family is okay.
You are not very hungry.
No, I do not feel very tired.
I like how comfortable you are.
Please tell my family I am coming.
I like my success.
Is my family coming outside?
Please tell my nurse I am comfortable.
Goodbye, I am going.
I like how you tell it.
My family is coming closer.
They do not have hope.
How do you have that?
I do not need my computer.
I hope they are comfortable.
They like my nurse.
It is bad.
How thirsty are you?
I do not need help.
Are you coming closer?
How tired are they?
How hungry are they?
I hope you do not need faith.
You have it here.
I do not have my computer.
Do that right.
I hope you have family.
Yes, I am hungry.
Success is good.
That is okay.
Is that it you?
I hope they do not need my music.
I hope you like music.
You do not need faith.
I hope they are okay.
That is not okay.
Yes, you are right.
I hope that you like that.
How are they?
They are tired.
Are you closer?
They hope you are right here.
Do you like my music?
Do you have that?
Do you feel it?
I hope I have good glasses.
I hope I have very good family.
I like how comfortable I am.
They feel very hungry.
My family is tired.
They are right.
Are they okay?
My family is here.
Tell my nurse I feel thirsty.
Are you my nurse?
What is outside?
My family is not like that.
They need my computer.
I guess that is what you would call it.
I live in basically the same direction as you.
It was the worst one that I have seen.
But we don't fight over it or anything.
What was the topic of discussion?
Well normally when we go on vacation we go and visit home.
I guess it's what they call a story and a half.
We are missionaries actually.
Whatever you would call it.
There is not a lot of farm land there.
I don't see much pollution near the factory.
He has the same thing that all my kids have.
Was it a civil or criminal trial?
That must be very helpful.
I consider it to be a chore.
The houses are kind of sinking a little bit.
It is easy to see that there's nothing holy about it.
I've never really served my country.
Join the beta and get early access.
We had some sort of pasta or something.
Yes she likes to watch football.
I don't know this for a fact.
I'm pushing our company towards that.
I don't know if they're around anymore.
He wasn't going to have another dog.
Their experience was so bad.
On the outskirts of Houston, Texas.
There is kind of a predictable pattern to it.
Have you ever read the book Nineteen Eighty Four?
We guarantee you will not be disappointed.
They are very immature.
They had season tickets.
I feel bad when I see how inefficient everything is.
We are good together as a team.
I'm talking about air pollution.
Your final exam is to go on a three mile walk.
It just really comes down to the fact that people are people.
I don't want to return to her apartment again.
I was worried for a little while.
You need to take care of a problem before it grows big.
We feed the catfish every morning.
It was so hard.
It could only happen in a totalitarian regime.
No one can drive a truck on ice.
The measure now heads to the local goverment.
I have preferences about this subject.
You got your money's worth.
You are just like a pig.
It was a quiet and restful weekend.
I just like getting out of the house.
Has he had this since kindergarten?
I don't know if they still have them.
Pour that in the sink.
I was thinking that it will be okay.
Please read thirty to fifty pages a day.
If you look all over the place in the other countries.
Just get rid of them please.
They have embarked on the trip to Mars.
The junk mail that i get in the mail is so annoying.
It's not quite hot enough to burn you.
I have an hour left until I leave.
He has been so pleased with the result.
I grew up in Nebraska.
I have quite a collection myself.
I wonder how much that kind of stuff costs.
Parental involvement has to be there for the kids.
And no matter where you build it, they will come.
I had to walk along the highway.
It will not cost them anything.
I work at channel six news.
That does not give people incentive to make more money.
You need to get an updated machine.
I would not have been fulfilled if I worked there.
The testing went a little bit too far.
Things are going pretty well down here.
What happens if I miss the occasional dose of medicine?
You didn't want to cook last night.
She will buy a lot of them.
But it's so darn expensive to go visit there.
They can't survive out there.
The character is trying to survive.
And that brings me to my point.
You have a lot of experience here as far as I know.
It will save us money.
And now it's time to get rid of them.
This is not a suitable method to measure and rank the value of coins.
You would not know that.
We bought it in around nineteen seventy three.
That is nice, you know?
I have some games that we can play.
They don't have to do it if they don't want to.
Are you around the house?
When I was in England a few years ago.
It was just like any other symphony.
The principal sent him right back to class.
You have to allow yourself to enjoy every step that you take.
This applies to the people who enjoy gaming.
They supported it.
That's exactly what I said.
The crime problems that they're having there are terrible.
All this evidence brings us to one conclusion.
Maybe we will get your guy.
All of my family lives one place.
I think that was the question.
Her life was a lot simpler back then.
It's not that big of a thing this year.
Are you in business for yourself?
There's always somebody different.
He always has this.
I think our five minutes is about done.
The television ratings don't come out until next week.
The trial is over.
It was a really good time.
We have incredibly low property taxes down here.
Well I'm definitely going for it.
It was not as severe as the snow storm was in Pennsylvania.
Be gentle to everyone.
They have all got really good jobs.
That's probably a good idea.
Whether he is or not.
It's the hard work.
You might want to attack the enemy.
I know they're really proud of their independence.
What are we doing with these people?
My husband and I both went to it.
I was always a fan.
What kind of car does everybody drive up there?
In each of the dorms they have a place for that.
I know that's a big issue.
She lives in a nursing home.
Nothing else is comparable.
To me that's the same thing.
My vision is starting to go a little blurry.
It just seems like I was so busy all the time back then.
They had people who took care of the yard.
I read an article about Asia.
You're obviously aware of that.
I am happy to go hiking.
This will make or break you.
I heard about it on Monday evening.
The police said that the boy's injuries were minor.
Liverpool have a big decision to make for next season.
I totally am all for it.
And then everything went away for a couple years.
We haven't had a really bad storm yet this year.
There was some snickering about it.
Who was raised by Christian parents?
I did a lot of talking with my friends about the subject.
You can pick whichever one you want.
His crop got killed by the birds.
We were going to upgrade to a larger one.
When you make that point it upsets people.
I don't know her political preferences.
We just got a new frisbee the other day.
My daughter went to see that movie too.
I was trying to create some new programs.
I sold a bunch of books that I read.
They are so young.
Envision the life that you want to live.
I don't know anything about it.
I think there's still a choice to be made.
We're not built like that.
My mother always repaired my clothes.
Now that's another one that I wanted to see.
If you ask my friends they would say I'm a big talker.
I can only imagine.
The recession is dragging on and on.
I know which one comes next.
I did not like giving it out for free.
Wasn't that fun?
I think we sound better now because of the practice.
There was very little external communication.
They talk about the wind chill here all the time.
I don't read a lot of books.
You would be susceptible to injury.
Change the channel to the news or something.
It wouldn't have made a difference.
If that's the case so be it.
I'm quite satisfied with the way they did it.
One is eight years old and the other is eleven.
We bought a lot of cassette tapes.
Somebody will say something about it.
They were given a thirty day notice to vacate.
A bunch of psychiatrists are hanging out.
Mine are mixed up too.
I'm an engineer by trade.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
He just thought I was looking for my dog.
What are you going to do?
Go look under the bleachers.
He goes to school at North Carolina State University.
I think a lot about that.
Every meal had a little bit of curry in it.
That's what you do with a catfish after you catch it.
She's like fifty five pounds.
I'm from up north also.
Do whatever you need to do to earn so much money.
Pork loin is one of my favorite things to grill.
I used to belong to a Christmas club.
We pay far too much for what we get.
I have no idea how many.
We go to their house regularly.
I feel better already.
That was pretty upsetting for her.
Free will is an illusion.
Lets go to an opera or the symphony or something.
It was just some old movie.
What's America's role in the conflict?
It cost five dollars between here and there.
I earned fifty cents a day.
They called it a mistrial or something.
Please do not remain under the illusion that you are safe.
Business was established last week.
I loved having a boat to hang out on.
That was an article in the Washington Post.
She thought about it for a few minutes.
She already expected the decision.
She moved away last year.
It is going to be reduced in price.
This past winter was very cold.
She is eighty nine years old.
I pay a lot of taxes every year.
I have always kind of enjoyed it.
It is way too salty.
I work in the legal department.
I'm going out of town this weekend.
I will meet you at the bottom of the stairs.
He probably knows that already.
I have a brother who spent two years in Bolivia.
Do you usually go out at night?
Do you both study geology?
Men can do house work just as easily as women.
My sister kind of got herself on the opposite end of that.
Once that was accomplished, everything was good.
They have got all the American spirit they need.
Winter weather is kind of a problem around here.
It seems to be really good for them.
I guess if we get a new car we will sell the old one.
And that is all of it.
The state of Oklahoma is nothing like that.
That's a whole new field of study.
I really enjoyed visiting Dallas, Texas last year.
I think your friend is somewhere in there.
I just don't have much time to read for pleasure.
Do you have any pets at home?
I will continue, no matter how annoying it gets.
They have not been able to convince me.
The native tribes still own the land.
I met them a couple of times before.
What is my role in this project?
I had a dump truck come and take it away.
Their values are everything to them.
Why don't you do something with those boxes?
After a long semester, I finally passed the class.
I will give it a shot.
Walking is kind of boring.
Because the criminals know that the police station is here.
I really enjoyed going skiing last winter.
We can deduct that expense from our income tax.
They should have been in there longer than that.
The girl is four years old.
I can not handle it for very long.
The restaurants in Portland, Oregon are pretty good.
I can fix every car in the world.
The decision to go to war is wrong.
I can listen to the radio in my office.
I think we used it for the Christmas tree.
We need more good schools around here.
What do I have to do?
She was about eleven years old at the time.
Our principal says not to hang out in the parking lot.
Of course they pay them very well.
They were sent to a drug rehabilitation program.
They will check our bags for alcohol and drugs.
You can always say no thank you.
We drove down to the shore to visit friends.
I may or may not have looked at the television guide.
The wind was favoring the away team.
I keep thinking that there's got to be a better way.
They have to have a darn good reason.
I guess it is ridiculous to let them keep building it.
Where is the treasure buried?
That's what we are searching for.
I can't wait for them to get it started.
I've worked here for a few years.
They can not seem to get away from home.
I married into a military family.
This is what our folder looks like at this point.
People from Virginia visit here frequently.
Most of us tend to avoid pain however we can.
We are living on a farm.
You can use it however you want to.
She is really interested in things like that.
We've taken that approach this year.
I like those types of restaurants too.
The luxury travel experience was very nice.
The creek overflowed after the storm came through.
There still hasn't been any sign of rain today.
It's only been that way for the last five years.
Everybody knows what you are talking about.
Enjoy today because it holds unlimited possibilities.
She went to a more expensive college.
You didn't overheat the food.
My favorite breed of dog is the American German Shepherd.
The family is home in the evening.
I will agree with that.
They are equal business partners.
I've never heard of such a thing.
I have a brother in his twenties.
He just turned forty.
The city is building new neighborhoods and development communities.
She took off her glasses and massaged her temples.
The brand new Android television box.
Turn in your forms now please.
Raising children today is different though.
I'm originally from Kansas.
Are you a famous television star?
It seems very sad to me.
She still plays the piano and she is in a band.
We didn't really have one before.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
There's a little sensing device inside the phone.
Let's watch Channel Thirteen News.
I work with children every day.
The storm is moving north.
I went there a couple of times with my mother in law.
A lot of students are highly motivated.
How long have you been in San Antonio?
I've never had a car with automatic emergency brakes.
It will be about two hundred people.
I haven't taught at any schools in Iowa.
Are you enjoying working from home?
I have one sister.
If I absolutely had to have something I would buy it.
What did you think of the news coverage of the war?
Welcome to our home.
Enjoy your evening and thank you for listening!
The children are the victims.
It seems to me that there's something wrong here.
The decision was made by human resources.
It's a nineteen eighty five model.
All four teams have generationally great point guards.
That's not the worse thing that we've seen happen.
It is very time consuming.
Those things go fast around here.
I have not been to Spain before.
That's pretty bad.
You can see quite a few different animals at the zoo.
I couldn't tell you who pitched in that game.
We had a case like that last year.
You always get into reading the paper.
They live in Missouri.
We never had any guns or anything like that.
It wasn't creative at all.
Germany is a little over five thousand miles from here.
I'm not real sure how the song goes.
Some old church magazines were on the table.
I had never seen anything like it before.
Let's see about getting the parents more involved.
My house has a living room.
It has been really busy.
We will probably go to the concert.
Do you hate your mother?
Have you taken a lot of vacations together?
What kind of car do you want to buy?
The flowers cross pollinate thanks to the bumble bees.
Allow the soup to boil on low flame for twenty minutes.
I'm sure that you can run a mile.
There's probably a lot of natural things.
The army sergeant married a woman who already had kids.
It makes it very convenient for us.
I like to eat cheeses and fruits and vegetables.
My daughter loves the little mermaid.
She acted like it didn't bother her at all.
My daughter was there to help.
I sang in the choir at church.
My new cowboy hat worked out great.
It's kind of odd that they only pick two winners.
He probably doesn't remember me.
That car cut us off on the highway.
We probably need to do it again.
The small fish can swim away from danger quickly.
Is the hotel all booked up?
She is getting more wrinkles on her face as she ages.
Leave the kids here today.
Where have you gone?
When I was younger we'd go there every weekend.
There's a little bit of brown sugar in the recipe.
It was a big change.
I've taken maybe four or five trips there.
Certainly the purpose is not very ethical.
My father owns a lawn mowing company.
It was a good night out on the town.
So the disease is not really cured.
Her sister died last year.
A lot of us have parents who fought in the war.
Put the rice into the rice cooker.
My little girl goes to tap dance lessons.
I might remember to do it or I might not.
What did you think of my speech?
We thought you might enjoy it.
You can be a teacher when you grow up.
I guess I'm partial to the national parks that have big trees.
We had a party after the final exam was over.
A little boy fell down.
I think it is.
I just have no tolerance for that type of behavior.
We just moved here in September.
I always thought it would be great to have twin boys.
Television news stations showed a more complex story.
You must be very busy.
How easy is it to spend all the money you earn?
The new champion has already been chosen.
We love all this kind of stuff.
I hope the rest of you enjoy your night.
The city has federal funding to build a new bridge.
It is quite warm for this time of year.
My wife and I both have had that recently.
It bakes up real easy and it's delicious.
We occasionally go out on the water on our sailboat.
And so I've seen a variety of benefits.
What kind of clothes should we wear at work?
It helped him to have a close relationship with his parents.
They're going to get very angry.
Sailing on a boat can be very relaxing.
You should study engineering or something like that.
I think that will be good.
You can actually see the stars at night.
Try a little taste of it and see what you think.
They had people who did that for them.
He was just beside himself.
There are no hills around here.
I have to admit I'm not as informed as them.
Our children are now eleven and nine years old.
I did not enjoy working in Florida.
Everything is geared towards young people.
We went to Six Flags on Saturday.
It's really hard to find something that works for everyone.
And then she sewed the buttons onto the shirt.
I need to get my vision tested.
I was very impressed by them.
It was a relatively nice environment.
I guess I have to return something at the store.
The further away I get from home the happier I am.
So I have no choice but to get rid of it.
People will do whatever they want to do.
We just moved into this house.
My husband went over to the house and painted the walls.
Why did you say that to your husband?
Be careful because someone might follow you home.
They get mad at themselves when they don't do well.
Because of the explosion, the refinery shut down for months.
I just kind of do it.
They finally found evidence of a crime.
You actually go in there?
I am a visual effects artist.
Taking measures to extend your life further is easy.
Anesthesia for hip or knee replacement surgery.
They are afraid of being dependent on other countries.
I think that about a majority of the places in the United States.
It is about a twelve hour drive.
The trial is now moving towards a conclusion.
To help decide what the right thing to do is.
I've got about twelve tickets coming in the mail.
The land was paid for with cash.
I'm in favor of doing very little clean up.
Who did you work for back in nineteen eighty six?
You are the one who signed up for it.
Several things about the car need fixing.
I work in facilities and happen to have the key with me.
I think it needs to be expedited.
They also seem to be economically driven.
I take care of my own yard.
You just end up throwing it away most of the time.
The water was murky and dark.
How do you decide?
Do a little bit better next time.
He's probably about fifty three years old now.
I got in on the ground floor.
If he can keep the band together.
My husband finally got his big four car garage.
He gets right into it.
I think that's most of it.
I went to California to see the Sequoia trees.
You're a Red Sox fan too.
Leave your choice in the comments.
And another child that they had already met.
My family is coming.
You like it, yes?
Tell my family I am not hungry.
My computer is not okay.
I need my glasses.
Yes, I do feel tired.
Yes, my family is going up.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
How are you going outside?
You bring it closer.
How are they thirsty?
I am coming outside.
I hope it is going good.
Hello, I am tired.
No, I do not feel very good.
Please tell my nurse where you are.
I feel like you.
How do you do?
How do they have my computer?
No, it is not right.
You hope they are coming.
How tired are you?
Tell my family how you do it.
They hope you have my faith.
Hello, I am like you.
How are you coming here?
Okay, am I going?
No please, I am tired.
Where do you have music?
What help you are.
Where is it not good?
They are not here.
Okay, it is not that bad.
No, I feel very good.
They tell you where I am.
Clean up here please.
No, closer please.
I am tired, are you?
Yes, I hope you are.
Nurse is not bad, have faith.
Clean up, bring it here.
I feel faith here.
Hello, I like you closer.
I need success right here.
That is goodbye.
Okay, what is good here?
Goodbye, they are coming.
Please bring hope.
It is bad music.
You are good help.
Okay, how is it?
Need it here?
Are you going outside?
Hello, do I need help?
Okay, you are up.
It is not goodbye.
Do they have it bad?
They do it bad.
Help my family clean please.
Have it clean.
I hope they do not need my computer.
What do you bring?
My nurse is like that.
What do you clean?
Help here, I am tired.
No music closer.
Hello, do you need help?
Hello, is help coming?
Hello, please clean that up.
Hello, here I am outside.
Here is what?
Here is that.
I have no faith.
They are you.
Music please.
How tired is my nurse?
How is it right?
Are they right?
My family is not very hungry.
Clean here.
Tell my family they are hungry.
I like that.
Is it that?
I do not like my glasses.
I hope I am thirsty.
Where is hope?
Like it please.
Hello, where is my goodbye?
That is here.
I hope you do not need my family.
Outside help.
Nurse is here.
Hello, is it yes?
You hope that.
Please, do not bring.
Do you?
You hope they are okay.
My glasses are right here.
You are outside.
Hope they feel okay.
How do they help?
Is my family very comfortable?
You are not very thirsty.
Tell my nurse goodbye.
What do they do?
Feel like success?
Music is here.
I do not do that.
They feel hungry.
Where they are not.
I am not right.
I hope I have nurse.
Hello, do you feel thirsty?
Bring faith here, please.
It is going outside.
I am that bad.
I help tired nurse.
Where are they going here?
You need my glasses right here.
I hope they need my faith.
Please bring my glasses here.
Yes, they bring it.
I need bad music.
What are glasses?
I hope they need faith.
They hope my nurse is okay.
I hope it is not goodbye.
Do you like success?
What do they bring?
Tell my family I do not feel thirsty.
I am not very tired.
They are very good.
They do not have it.
Here, you have it.
I hope I have my faith.
What is that here?
Please bring it closer.
Hello, how are you?
They are like that.
I need my family.
I have glasses like that.
Yes, it is right.
Please bring it here.
I do not do it like that.
They are not going up.
I am thirsty.
That is comfortable.
They are very bad.
They like going outside.
Are you coming here?
My nurse is right outside.
I do not have my glasses.
What is my faith?
That is coming up.
I am not very hungry.
No, my nurse is not going.
I hope you have success.
I do not feel bad.
I like my family.
What is that?
I hope you like my music.
My music is very good.
How do you tell that?
My family is very hungry.
I hope my nurse is okay.
You are very right.
They will do it in good faith.
I need help here.
Please bring my nurse here.
No help is coming.
They like it clean.
You are not going.
My music is here.
I do it like that.
Tell my family hello.
I am not tired.
It is coming closer.
I hope I feel good.
Please clean it up.
You are not right.
It is not good.
Hope it is okay.
I hope it is closer.
I am very hungry.
They are here.
It is clean.
My nurse is very hungry.
You hope it is good.
My nurse is coming up.
You have it good.
You are not very tired.
Please tell my family.
Here it is.
I have no help.
Help is here.
What do they tell you?
I hope you do good.
Do you feel like it?
You feel tired.
No, I do not feel hungry.
It is right here.
I hope they do it.
I hope you are okay.
You are not tired.
I am coming up.
Do you have it?
Do that please.
I have it very good.
My family is not hungry.
They like my glasses.
Hope you feel okay.
My nurse is not coming here.
They do not need it.
You do it like that.
They do not have my music.
Do it like that.
That is not bad.
Yes, it is very bad.
I do not feel very good.
Hope you are right.
I do not like my music.
Actually it's very easy for me to get around without a car.
Because I've heard about the many abuses of the law.
She's much happier these days.
I kept waiting for something unusual to happen.
You might want to talk about that.
They were fined millions and millions of dollars.
I can't imagine spending that much money.
They're banned from Europe.
You know that's not good enough.
Didn't he know that already?
I did it with lot of difficulty.
Actors in the old western movies.
Thank you for talking to me.
The longer and longer it goes.
Throw in a couple of over times for good measure.
Which brings us to Legacy of the Void.
The owner's responsibility.
It should be a mess.
Basically have a independent life style.
Permanently become a book reader.
When they get out.
Even if they made that kind of money.
If you don't want to rough it too much.
In a situation like that maybe it would be better.
I mean what was it for?
Neglect or something like that.
About thirty three thousand miles a year.
Here is what it all boils down to.
Food is a very intriguing thing.
It's only about ten bucks a month.
I think that's regressive.
I have a wife and two children.
How is it really transmitted?
Maybe we should move to the south.
How many of these coins will we need?
Showing data is an excellent way to prove a point.
We are good people.
I've heard him talk about that for hours.
It wasn't even funny.
If only I could remember the name.
I don't think the teachers are the problem.
It's real easy to swing in there for breakfast.
Then you find it again and lose it again.
We've got four kids.
In May it will be five years since I met him.
She used to love to do stuff like that.
It was his decision and you have to respect it.
No I didn't go to the store.
We will head to Florida for vacation.
I would reconsider where I was buying it.
It was written at a third grade level.
I do not charge except for emergencies.
I'll be there in the afternoon.
Let's go visit for like a short weekend or something.
A part of the system.
I can't remember the guy's name.
What do you think about this research?
We love eating fresh vegetables in the summer.
You can see what I mean.
Reward or whatever.
Are you pleased with this decision?
The town is just over the hill here.
In other words, there is a choice to make.
That does not seem quite fair.
Fill the jar to the top with boiling water.
It was a prime time football game.
She has had really good luck this year.
I went back to school and got my Master's degree.
My dad is a potato farmer.
That's a good option to consider.
It is totally ridiculous.
Do you want to eat inside or outside?
And so we usually sit outside.
Professors from other universities will present their research.
They are now starting to make them.
They are so small.
It is a fairly large liberal arts college as well.
Having a job will keep you out of trouble.
It is hard to remember.
Although I'm not very good at it.
I play video games every day.
Check the software version by typing this command.
I live in a really small apartment.
Maybe you live too far away from your family.
I think it happened about ten or fifteen years ago.
I hope you enjoyed reading this blog post.
We go on vacation at different places every year.
The building started shaking when the earthquake hit.
I like classical music.
He is a therapist by trade.
The players are pretty unfocused at this point.
I always get those spam phone calls.
That was before I moved out here.
I forget where she got it.
They were elected to the committee.
Both teams walked away with just one point each.
The two main stars of the show got married.
It was on the news this morning.
I think they already did that.
Occasionally, the conversation turns into an argument.
We need to buy more and more of them.
I hope you all enjoy this!
It's hard for me to admit.
You don't get nearly enough exercise.
She'll be two years old in July.
I filed my taxes early this year.
You still need your mother's permission.
And a very good afternoon to you.
American car companies.
I've got a two year old daughter and a four year old son.
We definitely need a change in the system.
Occasionally, these things may not be true.
I'll get around to it.
The result of the test was negative.
I will be visiting New England.
I guess because we don't go out that much.
The day care accepted infants starting at six weeks old.
Public transportation around here is pretty good.
It doesn't seem like they are doing much with it.
That guy was remarkably incompetent.
I grew up in Oklahoma.
I'd say it was about twenty four hundred dollars.
Having participated in jury duty myself.
Seems like I just bought it.
I know I have to do more aerobics.
As any city grows it gets more dangerous.
It was really pretty.
If you are good we can go get ice cream.
In a town adjacent to ours.
Everybody seems to like that.
We're not buying anything at this point in time.
They could be just about equal.
They didn't have any problem doing it the first time.
This movie is rarely on television.
Everybody has that same mind set.
That is a big problem.
It happened over a very long period of time.
Patients are given anesthesia for hip or knee replacement surgery.
Everybody has a different thing that they enjoy.
I have got about twelve tickets coming in the mail next week.
I have made my decision.
I am in favor of doing very little clean up.
I work in facilities and I happen to have the key with me.
It is still going on through the weekend.
I am a dog person.
We don't get any snow here anymore.
How did you decide what to do?
He is probably about fifty three years old now.
Are you a fan of the Red Sox too?
Make a choice and leave it in the comments.
She has another child that you have already met.
Just when I thought I really enjoyed my new hobby.
Everybody is here to have a good time.
I met another gentleman at the meeting.
The best you can do.
I enjoy both watching soccer and playing it.
I don't know what to do if I can't afford it.
You can't make a decision.
It's our own fault because we elected them.
My birthday was on Monday.
I start my new job in May.
The people who live there are great.
I'll let you go first.
Most of the stores will accept cash.
It is your choice where you want to go.
And they went to court over it.
Small animals make the best pets.
I'm glad that we are starting to pay our debts off.
Everybody says that.
Nobody would want me on their team.
It's kind of neat.
I ended up watching a lot of these types of shows on television.
Do not just buy a stock then wait for it to go up.
I just don't know what that means.
What about in international soccer matches?
It doesn't stay green.
I had a carpet cleaning service call me three times this week.
You can eat a whole big plate of food there.
You still see them committing the same crimes even with police oversight.
And I don't know why they do that.
At one point I had a pet snake.
Then they ought to just do it.
I would feel so bad if I didn't help them.
It's because you've been working there for a long time.
Everyone grows up and gets more mature.
I have other views on the subject.
Not if there is no economic benefit.
There really wasn't a big difference.
Nothing happened during the seventies.
Then we came back home and ate a feast.
All of that was new to me.
I think that's all they're going to pick up.
You say it is all volunteer work.
Join us today.
I mean it is great to be well rounded.
She is an indoor dog most of the time.
I worked in fast food restaurants when I was in college.
They are very expensive.
I do not think that is very smart.
There is much more crime than ever before.
You should not take what is not yours.
Price point is extremely important to customers.
Every time I come in.
That's something I've never had to do.
I am nervous about visiting Dallas.
Because he was diagnosed with leukemia.
It really does the job.
You still have to go.
Where do you work out?
Do you have any other siblings?
I want to be one of the ones that decide.
I was on the jury that sentenced him.
I work for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I guess that's kind of like the way we used to do it.
It's only getting exponentially worse.
I had a beer at lunch today.
Your license could be revoked.
I've never seen that before.
I live about two hours north east of Pittsburgh.
It was a spaghetti western movie.
Here are your talking points for the press conference.
We can't live in this city.
Using a paint sprayer does result in a nicer finish.
The police sent in the bomb squad.
I think I know where it's going to go.
There are plenty of good people in the world.
I can not see it going anywhere.
The leaves change color in the fall.
Sometimes it can be good.
I'm not familiar with that one.
For a longer period of time.
It took us four days to drive across the country.
Of course I do.
We've actually got kind of a nice set up.
My mother is from a little Italian village.
Of course at that point we simply could not afford it.
They just work harder.
Please do not bring gifts to my birthday party.
I love my two little ones.
I kept saying that her show was not entertaining.
How about in your case?
I'd probably have some choice words for them.
The way they behave is not acceptable.
The decision to increase the number of employees was approved.
I want to do some gardening work in the flower beds.
I think they end up worse than they were before.
Then you only go there as a last resort.
We wound up writing them a letter.
I think he had surgery on his shoulder.
There's too many choices.
We got pretty lucky with that.
Do you live in Pennsylvania?
What kind of paint should I buy?
They didn't start looking for an apartment until now.
They're testing the new equipment.
The food there was really overpriced.
She wrote my name on a list.
There's rats living in the attic.
I am from Atlanta, Georgia.
I was just expressing my frustration.
Back to the topic at hand.
I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed making it.
That was the weirdest fishing experience I ever had.
It's the culture in Asia.
It's really dry in the desert.
I don't mean to be rude.
I'm all for that.
My cats do that too.
My whole family is home.
What class did he teach?
You're not going to believe this.
The Dallas Cowboys are going to have a problem if their quarterback gets hurt.
I caught a few white fish yesterday.
I need to look into it more.
That dinner was very good.
You can enjoy your hobbies together.
The sun has finally started setting later in the day.
There's so much criminal activity around there.
They're going to go on a cruise this summer.
I got it for my birthday.
That must be so nice for you.
Walking seems to be the best way to get around the neighborhood.
If I am looking for entertainment usually I go out.
They're banned from going to Europe.
At least the parents did their best.
I'd like to go bird watching.
She will tell her friends.
My coworker is very annoying.
It is the owner's responsibility.
It was a huge mess.
That picture is taken right out of a magazine.
Some people are going to be upset about this.
He has an independent lifestyle.
I kind of like watching the Cowboys I guess.
They don't have the courage to do it themselves.
It's not too much trouble.
When they get out of school.
I can sketch something for you to look at.
Those jurors don't know what the law is.
They advocate for the homeless.
When they recognize that it's their tax money at stake.
That is exactly what it is like.
I think going away for six weeks makes sense.
Sometimes drugs are found tucked away in toilet stalls.
I'm kind of learning this as I go.
Chips and salsa.
How is the disease transmitted?
I think it is a wonderful place.
That would have been quite something.
I would contemplate going on a cruise now.
You know what I would love right about now?
It was out of his hands at that point.
I don't really follow basketball very closely.
It's really hard to know.
It looks like it would be a lot of fun.
The last time we swam in the Pacific ocean.
If we ever had a high school reunion.
The decision will go into effect immediately.
They will accept you later in life also.
I think it's a really good idea.
A new type of work station.
She needs to be walked twice a day.
The same teams that went to the championship last year.
We got hail the size of marbles.
I think the weather will be warm.
United States troops could still get involved.
Quite a long way away.
And they are right, up to a point.
I am not exercising all the time.
I hope you enjoyed the tutorial so far.
What do you think of the new movie trailer?
He tried to send someone to prison.
They're always sure they got the right guy.
That's an opportunity to get out the situation.
He supposedly got this one last year.
You really did quite well.
Never gonna give you up
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
I hate to dust and clean the house.
It's a fantastic movie.
Actually as a matter of fact.
Plastic does not biodegrade.
There was a real big cocaine bust last night.
I don't drive one a lot.
I heard that's what killed the company.
It's very easy for anybody to look you up.
I live in a one bedroom apartment.
I hear you have kids.
I never have done that before.
I think it's pretty exciting that they can do that.
The drug problem is getting worse.
I like to sit down and read magazines.
It's just a matter of time.
My daughter is four years old.
That is just not right.
I say that but really I don't know.
Realistically it is not a good idea.
But I got talked into buying this bicycle instead.
There are many advantages of using a passive voice.
Do you think Russia is still a threat?
You need to really relax.
That boy is really mad.
The car's engine is in excellent shape.
It would be kind of fun.
They won by thirty or forty points.
Took them about an hour to complete.
I am used to it by now.
There's some different things going on now.
They just are fascinated with science.
Finding the time is hard.
Cats are pretty independent animals.
We put some newspapers down on the floor.
Those milk cartons take up so much room in the refrigerator.
So they didn't have to worry about that.
I just like to sit down and watch it.
I certainly wouldn't be loyal to them.
I don't know what you do with them at this point.
And then we rent them for a week.
I've never liked credit cards.
There is a lot of paranoia around here.
You should not get involved.
Carol is poised to have a big year.
I watch the news on television.
Seattle is only about two and a half hours from here.
I think that's what it is about.
As many miles as you can get out of that car.
My daughters both have pet hamsters.
The older kids had wanted one for years.
Or was it during the last year?
How do you feel about women in the technology sector?
I think he's the only one who knows how it works.
We have established the defendant's innocence.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I'm not really knowledgeable about this.
What kinds of professional activities do you do?
At the same time, oil production keeps rising.
I'm sure no one will be annoyed by this.
It's all voluntary service.
Just a moment, okay?
Breakfast is kind of a funny meal.
Not as far as this country is concerned.
It is called an initial offering.
Do you volunteer much these days?
The music in that movie was fantastic.
It has really been nice here this winter.
We have an eleven year old son.
I don't care if you're the President.
That area is really expanding.
Did you get the message I left?
I am getting to the point.
It came out in the first week of the year.
When I was working and before I got married.
College credit for community service is a good idea.
Ethical and religious views on need and pleasure.
The government offers financial services.
Mix some cream sauce with it and pour it over rice.
People are dropping out of school.
I was tired during that whole month.
We hope you enjoy your stay!
We are not trying to mistreat them or anything.
How can I avoid being infected by a virus?
You don't have to be an expert to play this game.
Do you have any friends with older children?
She got a couple of new dresses.
When things don't go right you have to adjust.
The first demonstration of a touch screen display.
Not in a civilized society.
If you bring some more stuff.
They're not really even participating.
Not with all the other things going on today.
We haven't had a lot of problems with the new computer at all.
They should study this new species.
I guess we're both pretty practical people.
It was on his way there.
You are probably right.
I am trying to convince him to write all this down.
I think they did a real good job of that.
That's what they're doing.
What's your second favorite food?
There never will be.
That's got to be a beautiful place to visit.
They can do whatever they want.
The only kinds of things that you can use.
That's kind of understandable.
Basic insurance coverage for everyone.
I'll do it for a hundred dollars.
Do you think that's what it was?
That's a serious pickup truck.
He came to school up here.
I have never gone skiing before.
Never gonna give you up.
Never gonna let you down.
Never gonna run around and desert you.
Never gonna make you cry.
Never gonna say goodbye.
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
Well I guess this is it.
We generally don't have to do that.
It's a little different.
At some point it's going to get more expensive.
Very high markups on all items.
We are American restaurants too.
Or maybe for twenty dollars.
Are you two married?
This was a very enjoyable conversation with you.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
I had the brakes replaced on my car.
Your mother probably just won't say it.
The television series was cancelled right after that.
It isn't a very wise decision.
Now I see you again on this property.
They would be pretty elaborate.
I went to visit England.
A lot of kids hold off for a year or two.
I am not that type of individual.
She just got a green card.
She was clearly annoyed at me.
Now he's working in Rhode Island.
I did absolutely nothing today.
I live in my own little world.
I rely primarily on the train to get around.
Are these mistakes of omission or outright lies?
We do what we can.
It's not at all anything worth talking about.
Have their bellies rubbed and everything.
Go over there.
Was this his entire family?
kite
choice
were
veto
[RIGHT HAND - CLOSE]
bah
day
though
[DO NOTHING]
i need a few things from my wife when she is available, and then i am all yours.
i am good for now.
of course, so i think it will be appropriate to start it in a few minutes after we begin.
i think, think so.
move my, my head down.
i am beginning to panic because i can not clear my throat.
go slower.
can you get my head in the right position? help.
the thing behind my head fell out.
more, more, more.
that is better. get my head in the right position.
that is better, give me lemon in my mouth.
put on my mask.
wipe my mouth. wipe my mouth.
or it is not on. the breathing machine is not on.
do i have any time for food or do i have to go without?
i was also speaking in longer blocks of words and that makes it difficult to correct anything to one hundred percent correct.
this is only one day's worth of observation, so take it with a grain of salt.
yes, definitely i am. it was even stronger yesterday. i mean more frequent.
but do you have to really wait?
l o l
okay, i am ready, and can you move the things on my desk so i can see the monitor, please?
yes, i think i can.
am i plugged in to my feeding tube and of my bag? are you able to do that?
i think you just open it, it up and put it in.
and not very hard, because it is difficult to detach.
r e f i l l
i do and it is ready to go on the left monitor. it is a documentary about the boston celtics basketball team.
When was it?
Trump was right to point that out.
Get the recipe from them.
The fresh water tank is dirty.
I have two other sisters and my mother had us.
I think it could affect the outcome.
Are that alive on Monday?
Why are vision blockers not used on larger areas?
The neighbor across the street is new.
Decisions that are being made by world leaders.
It's part of the equation.
You want to buy something.
What would you do about.
This is just a starting point.
I think it's definitely gotten better.
Shower and get dressed.
Both of their cats are declawed.
The continental breakfast can be pretty good sometimes.
At least one cat lives in the house.
She was born the very next day.
I would say it is not as bad as New York.
I agree with the upper and lower level managers.
Who would they ask?
Like the old movies from the fifties.
I have never been real thrilled about that.
Did you see any of those new cars?
It would be nice if they could get them all together.
But do you think Bill Gates should resign?
Evidently, he was elected president.
We met half way between here and there.
I'm getting a bad gut feeling about this.
Does it justify the cost?
While it's healing, you need to take it easy.
Didn't mean to cut you off there.
These guys want attention.
I saw an interesting statistic about this a few days ago.
I want to really challenge them.
When I read my magazines at home.
He did very well there.
That's really weird.
Hope you have enjoyed this tutorial.
My parents always said if we wanted a car we had to buy it ourselves.
We planted those out by the septic tank.
Every single month without fail.
Several bugs had somehow gotten inside.
Want to join our after school club?
We had a lovely picnic in the woods together.
Actually it comes out this fall.
My family's immigration history is complicated.
That's the signal.
I mean you can just sit this one out.
I don't think too many of them are there anymore.
Do you enjoy writing and sharing your knowledge?
We did the drug testing routine after that.
I have two kittens at home.
I think I am getting a call coming in.
I do contract work.
Then I saw that other nature documentary about penguins.
Are you from there originally?
It was a friendly outdoor dog.
I'm really enjoying it so far.
It was only two years old.
We would be willing to make that sacrifice.
At the very last minute.
It seems silly in retrospect.
I have to get to know this area a little better.
That's exactly what I did.
I have much more to contribute to the topic.
Everyone has their opinions about every case.
Critic's choice award.
I thought she was pretty good in that.
It's not very inspiring.
The businesses around that area are closing.
Even the generation before me knew that.
He needs to go outside more often.
There's a lot of them.
We sent some of it to our family.
Before three years old they are quite small.
I was thinking of the recipe that uses onion and garlic.
Both measures passed largely along party lines.
They used them in the war in Afghanistan.
Three weeks after school started.
Sleeping bags are not comfortable.
There was a company in Houston that sold them.
It's funny you say that.
They adopted the death penalty again.
They have a set period of time.
I have to go to work whether I want to or not.
What other social changes have there been in the past ten years?
She is on maternity leave.
At this point, things actually work pretty well.
It's just the old guys that are still there.
That would really warrant capital punishment.
It is some type of lily.
Are you a contractor or an employee?
It's not worth the trouble.
Since I've had cats at home.
We moved into the apartment and got cable.
There's not a lot of pressure.
That was all that was there.
My parents would have a fit about this.
I think that a company or a boss could use this.
End it when needed.
I finally got out.
I see that people are enthusiastic about it.
Rent all the movies that you like.
Enjoy, and feel free to ask questions.
She bought a new light weight skirt.
It's just a half hour away.
The monthly payment was paid on time.
Your decision is a wise one.
Your investments are also affected by the tax regime.
There are people who go fishing before sunrise.
I always had a point to prove to myself.
Maybe there will be another chance.
Salad dressing bottles and things like that.
Replace some of the belts in the machine.
She doesn't even know how.
There's so much on television.
How does it keep the cost down?
Were quite vocal about it.
This is like a cruelty joke.
Wait a minute we know this thing isn't.
He's one of the big proponents of that.
To me, it's a treasure.
Put that back in the saucepan.
Not for the job I have now.
It's really not too difficult.
I'm trying to think.
She came last June and watched a game in the sky dome.
For me, I had no choice but to move.
I can't really complain.
They recently released him.
Employee Benefits.
I grew up water skiing.
There's not a whole lot.
It kind of wound down.
None of your business.
He put up all of his ash trays.
He didn't just say.
I've been pretty successful with that.
In the previous version.
Was it third of December?
Right now I'm getting about sixty bucks a month.
It was written many years ago.
Ninety seven cents a week.
So thank you for not using the exploit.
Their economy's a little bit weak.
Afford the payments on a used car.
Couple of hundred kids in the band.
We went to Colorado Springs.
Don't have enough money.
Special to the Detroit Free Press.
It's a weakness and all.
Things are free enough.
For the things that we want.
I don't want to do anything.
There was a voice in her head.
I'd be curious.
What will be a luxury in the future?
I was really working with the middle class.
They do take up a lot of your time.
I'm still going.
Helps them understand the world.
Guided by voices.
When was the last time we measured you?
You look down at your arm.
It is like a country.
They have coupons.
Easiest way out maybe.
What kind of things do you think can be done.
On probation or parole and killed someone else.
A million dollars a year.
However, there is one key point to keep in mind.
It's working up to a year now.
A house full of snow.
That aren't getting taught at home.
There was one other person besides myself.
You can't get all of us.
I think the newsmen.
That's understandable.
That was a shocker to me.
It came out I guess about a month.
Tactical decision.
They have a lot of cattle in the area.
A liberal arts school.
What kind of puppy you got?
He's just goofing off like he always has.
You can have a variety.
He plays pretty regularly.
What are the problems with public education?
You have to pay the interest.
Not that she will remember them.
All my aunts and uncles.
That kind of threw them off.
I don't care for that at all.
I get great distance hitting it.
The kids like to go out.
As far as that goes.
A few minutes ago.
We didn't do it very much.
The vines are really taking over.
Governor, the people of Detroit don't forget.
Seven or something like that.
I love all the windows that they have out now too.
It'll go through the slot.
A fine profession.
The thing that should be.
Because that's perfectly clean.
Make him feel like he wasn't wanted.
I really enjoy that team.
I can't think of his name now.
In fact the first year we were married.
I've got a two year old.
A producer of movies in Baltimore called.
Congratulations on that.
Snuggle up to you.
But bringing the party together will be easier said than done.
I have seen so many who know that God has not given us a spirit of fear.
I try to embrace it.
We all know that, unfortunately, schools are not always the safest places.
No deaths have been reported in the city.
He has no criminal convictions.
Thank you for signing up.
This is the price paid for counting eggs rather than chicken embryos.
Grassley grew up on a family farm, where he still works.
We decided to ask them.
And everyone involved in the case, bar the jury, had been here before.
A dog is featured below the text.
Lo and behold, they did not.
Oh, so you need to put away the milk and cereal?
Everything Trump wants to do threatens everything Trudeau wants to do.
Peter was in bed when I walked into the bedroom.
How does she live with herself?
I'm not even disputing the results of the board.
And Hurricane Jose had not turned north yet.
The two have since taken some steps toward a rapprochement.
But there have often been times when Turkey has been a problematic ally.
Check out the new Sales items!
I just stood there and soaked it all up.
I was on crutches.
America is losing it.
I've only seen him in funny stuff.
For a different section.
Wilkinson had no regrets about her decision.
I really just started.
If you're on a trip or something.
She handles it pretty well.
We ran into some problems.
You'll still see people.
Taylor attributed this to confirmation bias.
We apologize, but this video has failed to load.
Go talk to her in the lobby, I'll be right down!
This project has been a real team effort.
He can consistently score the damage you need to prowl your hand into play.
This is headache powders revisited.
Understanding the mobile landscape.
Trump has nominated William Barr as the next attorney general.
Pasquale thinks a similar argument should be made for search engines.
The Hercules and rainbow stag beetles are highlights here.
A Visual Comparison of Various Distances
I could hear my accelerated breathing.
The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Which Amiga games impressed you in terms of gameplay or technical tricks?
Also, at that time we were starting to hate each other a little bit.
Are either or both dogs considered dangerous under Davis County ordinance?
Target and Difficulty Calculations
What is beef jerky, anyway?
The quantity you chose exceeds the quantity available.
But even at its most scientific, the concept is simple.
Better than Europe.
To go out fishing in a boat.
I never go to the fiction section.
See things like that.
I can really tell the difference.
Almost like a tingling.
The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
Students do not like this response.
There are no more vehicle tokens spread across the map.
Where is the evidence that they possess consciousness?
Nevertheless I roll my eyes as I get up.
People will do humiliating, grotesque things for ambition.
Several correspondents had their notebooks searched.
They send off emissaries to start new cancer colonies.
You actually look forward to foxes or raccoons raiding your garbage.
For example, the face might be typically painted red, black and white.
It was given to you the minute you cast your ballot.
Check out eBay, Craigslist and other online sites for deals.
Sign up for our daily newsletter of the top stories in Courier country.
Such threats are a violation of the UN Charter.
Never miss a moment!
He is not making any major changes for the rematch.
Worse is the implication of blame.
I didn't buy a kit.
Once they have children over here.
That's true of any sport.
I'm concerned.
Thanks for hearing me rap.
The choice is yours.
They was just bad side effects.
It is time we made that decision together.
Basically the guy commits.
waves born exercising boat grateful
shop spraying mathematics developing nashville
run bargains hopeless persists meals
keeps allowed monarch strap uses
casualty communism argue frost receptacle scroll
supported according key arrive crush
playing traditional used flat
turquoise teams dollars concentration wind's stupidly
pops against idol accurate crop steak
kept touring shallows hang everyone
terms news earning by commitment
grandparents engagement throw stage
elk diplomatic plates reimbursed names
first terror slips done
ice hairs blooming coming opinion take
semesters plans lean zales fertilizers dementia
grade nucleus arrive excess destroying
bonsai meeting ghost mainly
resale telling serious understanding moral
democratically reduces carbon cramped baked
On Sunday the snow and ice came in.
Either savings or investment.
Magnified vision, able to see at night.
It's like a joke I heard once.
A lot of people complain.
I mean just nothing.
I'm tired of being a pacifist though.
We want to stay forever.
It is estimated a total of three thousand properties were affected.
Not all men pay their employees less?
Also known as welfare.
Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
Then reboot the system.
The product I tried was their mini corn dogs which were superb!
Vancouver Teacher Faces Disciplinary Action for Harassing Gay Student
How To Avoid Being Tracked on The Internet
He was that exceptional.
Details of this plot were reported two years ago.
We are absolutely as excited about this as you!
What other questions would you ask?
So, what about the enemies of the Assad regime?
Its too valuable to just let people stay in, sorry.
And if I'm so blessed by the gods, I'll never have to kill again.
Your birthday and age won't be visible to other users.
Please give me a paramedic.
A man with a small pension is a ward of the Government.
This week's pick is an algorithm that can diagnose a stroke.
Yet the president is not wrong to be exasperated and enraged.
The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
Glue the sheet to the dark blue background.
It's easy to tell the depth of a well.
These days a chicken leg is a rare dish.
Rice is often served in round bowls.
The juice of lemons makes fine punch.
The box was thrown beside the parked truck.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
Four hours of steady work faced us.
The small pup gnawed a hole in the sock.
The fish twisted and turned on the bent hook.
Press the pants and sew a button on the vest.
The swan dive was far short of perfect.
The beauty of the view stunned the young boy.
Two blue fish swam in the tank.
Her purse was full of useless trash.
The colt reared and threw the tall rider.
It snowed, rained, and hailed the same morning.
Read verse out loud for pleasure.
Hoist the load to your left shoulder.
A wide variety.
We can't find a place that will take everything.
When they cut in and speak.
The productivity and the training costs.
They're always willing to help you out.
The air is always cool.
The frosty air passed through the coat.
The crooked maze failed to fool the mouse.
Adding fast leads to wrong sums.
The show was a flop from the very start.
A saw is a tool used for making boards.
The wagon moved on well oiled wheels.
March the soldiers past the next hill.
A cup of sugar makes sweet fudge.
Place a rosebush near the porch steps.
Both lost their lives in the raging storm.
We talked of the side show in the circus.
Use a pencil to write the first draft.
He ran half way to the hardware store.
The clock struck to mark the third period.
A small creek cut across the field.
Cars and busses stalled in snow drifts.
The set of china hit the floor with a crash.
This is a grand season for hikes on the road.
The dune rose from the edge of the water.
Those words were the cue for the actor to leave.
A yacht slid around the point into the bay.
The two met while playing on the sand.
The ink stain dried on the finished page.
The walled town was seized without a fight.
The lease ran out in sixteen weeks.
It's just pocket change to a lot of people.
They told me that this was the topic.
Are you involved in any other things?
It got too cold up there.
So, let's make some conclusions.
I guess that's about it.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Since we've been married, I've stopped going.
You don't want to or you don't have the time?
Somebody's going to change it.
Employers have also voiced concerns.
An apartment or a home?
They don't register.
It's called reviewing my life.
How are you doing?
Do you think this is right?
This is good, isn't it?
I am also doing this.
I feel that we should help them.
What should we do now?
How are you?
Can you show me the way?
Many people will come here.
She got this from me.
We have worked a lot on this.
I guess that is very good.
I will make it work.
I think we all do, right?
I wasn't saying this at all.
I have to pay for four things.
Call me once you get here.
What part of this is hard?
There's always a way out of this.
He came by looking for you.
They are very mean, I don't like it.
Is there anything to do for me?
What could you do in a few days?
Remember to let other people through first.
Show me what you have got.
I can't believe this is true.
I used their water.
I like the last bit of this movie.
Be nice to each other.
I will stay with my family for a week.
I went back to get the kids.
Something seems off with her.
She gave me a new watch.
I like to enjoy my life in the country.
Do you still care about your job?
She lives in the house right next to me.
Are they both still around?
I get less time to be with children these days.
Years have gone by.
Can we use this for something?
What is the point of all this?
I can't think of a better time.
I hope to see you there.
We should at least try this out.
I would love to have more of these too.
It's great you could join us here.
Keep this with you for now.
Someone thought this show was very bad.
I don't like this either.
How far do we have to go.
Are you able to come with me next week?
Can you guess what's in this?
Will you be around next week?
What's different about this?
This house looks very big.
What's your point?
Some people are quite good at this.
What would you like to do first?
I would love to be a part of this.
crime men turn couldn't morning somewhere.
sports miss companies aren't television.
drug newspaper you'll report baby.
won't choices couldn't thirty cards.
avoid anymore we'd guys oil.
funny past decisions dallas future bring.
variety yours originally check second.
child boys classical clothes team.
store somewhere unusual helps miss.
course girl exactly fan watching.
you'll middle benefits education lives.
mother testing second easier program number.
coming sun york favorite food.
grew spend men necessarily you've.
vote month expected fan nursing.
thank york catch along set.
mother team system amount texas.
story noise sounds eight friends.
line talked turn depends across weekend.
Large number of employees will miss this.
This program will help our growing team.
My baby grew a lot in the first six months.
This policy is important for social interest.
I know what the deal was in the past.
Quality education will certainly help.
This does not appeal to me at all.
They gave variety of benefits to their employees.
We have a long evening ahead of us.
Different choices between past and future.
This will fall down soon.
American teams are clear this season.
Nothing will change my heart on this matter.
She was supposed to go with me.
He says he was paid today.
School gave a card and books to this small child.
Parents of small children care about this.
She was talking her time to do the work.
This policy mostly sounds right to me.
You should avoid this course.
Especially if you are coming this weekend.
We will listen to whatever jury says.
I will give you mine for free.
How much is your card worth?
Please order our regular food for everyone.
This happened about a week ago.
They started looking into programs.
Do you find yourself funny?
To get into the system's very difficult.
Pull all this weight.
What does the American report say?
Social states give more benefits to employees.
I am taking my car to check this out in the evening.
This car is super expensive.
Her friend will thank her for the card.
Originally, it was a year long nursing program.
What happened to the sound?
Tell me your education story.
There's good music and good food.
What is the cost of each piece you sell?
I often listen to this wonderful music.
I have to go across the city to see her.
My teachers exactly knew my mind.
How long have you been married?
Your experience is very good for this job.
His good luck will help him avoid problems.
I am free to make a decision about my college.
Avoid capital punishment.
Getting married is not a crime.
What happened after I left?
Let's make a program for kids.
Light clothes are bad.
How many miles were you driving today?
Government will run from the capital city.
They will take up recycling from now on.
My yard is very clean today.
I am not a fan of this kind of music.
Nothing is more important to him than power.
I like to work in this small room.
Their situation is not as bad.
This is teacher's favourite topic.
She has experience in education.
This will not matter much in the long run.
I tried a lot, but this is still wrong.
I paid all my taxes the night before.
This is a growing company with many employees.
The law gives everyone this one right.
Listen to your parents right now.
What's the occasion today?
Your mother said this is enough.
How many books on law do you have?
Which book are you reading to children?
This seems like a large catch.
Do you have your credit card?
The couple got married last week.
I have lived in Illinois and Dallas.
Television service is awful here.
The jury cannot change this fact.
I was in the nursing school originally.
Recycling law depends on your city.
I'm watching my kid's education.
I bought these new clothes today.
This may seem important now.
Tax season is certainly interesting.
There's so much noise in the capital city.
Your story is not clear anymore.
This room is quite neat.
Children do not like punishment.
My wife thinks this is not worth the time.
They make less money in this season with snow.
Will you spend all that time reading your book?
I am here for my friend's company.
You should vote for the future.
The morning sun light is white.
My teachers are very helpful.
Is this noise from the TV?
Eat your food, it's getting cold.
Who benefits from this policy?
My daughter likes to play outside in the yard.
He will understand when I talk to him.
How many casualties were there?
Luxury does not have to be expensive.
I like all this open space around the house.
Evening is the best time for reading.
Nothing can stop me from doing this.
She will sit across the room.
Seventy awful years.
Appeal of luxury things is something else.
This is a special city in the special country.
Certain people enjoy this kind of music.
Camping is getting more expensive.
Who thought of this wonderful idea?
Some more time in the morning would be nice.
What was the exact line in the play?
We must always keep looking forward.
Check the oil in the car first.
The view from here is not worth it.
He is quite a social person.
There will be more light somewhere around here.
That woman will check this fact.
Do not sell your free time or your peace of mind.
It all worked out quite well for our family.
The joy of an early morning walk.
It is easier to go without food.
My vision does not amount to anything.
The baby will stick its head in the food.
How often do you go for a walk with him?
We should turn around and pick her up from school.
The car will go north from here.
They must think if they can live with this decision.
I am not sure if this will be interesting to the kids.
That was a close call.
First of all, remember to be nice.
Can you put the book down for a few minutes?
Yes, I am talking to you.
This will make somebody care for the situation.
We talked about this the other day.
What was your experience working with him?
She was the division head in the college.
He wanted to walk for miles.
Please, that's enough music for today.
We need to work more on the social part.
This married couple will enjoy their visit.
I don't see what the problem is.
I guess something has to go.
Seeing as you've got some older children.
I think it's caused a lot.
We also set aside money for entertainment.
I enjoy the news.
The coastline was just incredible.
Why do you say that actually.
Ten months later he said.
When they fall over.
Check out our free versions!
They will not get everything done anyway.
People from my college were already there.
I will probably say no to this.
It is the policy in this country.
Having too much power can be difficult.
Luxury clothes these days are quite expensive.
Is your family from Dallas?
There seems to be some confusion about this.
There are some awful places in that country.
My computer is not working anymore.
Employees should do some field work when they join.
Where is that awful noise coming from?
My American friends are from Texas.
The old newspaper will have a report on this.
How much do you have to pay for your credit card?
We cannot go there without you.
Not everyone can exercise in the morning.
The work gets easier with experience.
We will have to place a large order.
I have been working on this since early morning.
The air is clear at night.
I will probably own a car soon.
With their good luck, they will avoid these problems.
How many minutes did it take to cook this food?
Let's play this new version of my favorite music.
Most of us think we know the story of Detroit, Michigan.
That was one thing that's been really nice to have.
They shot him point blank in the face.
These are made with a flour tortilla.
Did you hear from another person?
It has been like fifteen years.
Here are my notes from the first draft of the paper.
My mom lives like I do.
Who is related to who?
How much time do you spend with your children?
She is more famous since she did that.
They will financially recover from the loan.
They don't make them anymore.
There were none left by the year two thousand.
Wayne State University is in Detroit, Michigan.
There were no reports of casualties.
The blue sky looks so pretty.
It is impressive in more than just quantity.
That is strange to me.
I'm out more money than they are.
I am from Argentina.
It is like winning the lottery.
I did it all on the job.
The movie is slow burning.
You came out on top.
There were thousands of cows on the farm.
Now some people object during primary debates.
You have to do the random drug testing.
The recipe doesn't require kneading the dough.
They could sell five million of those.
The ranch dressing goes along well with that.
It used to cost six bucks.
The full decision statement is available here.
Especially with butter and honey on them.
I'm interested in having it in my office.
I do not talk to many people in the military.
Who do they need to trade before the deadline?
You will gain competence with respect to the material.
It's not hard to find a job that's part time.
Do you still drive that old car?
I miss the intellectual stimulation of taking classes in college.
As you get older you will understand.
You would know if you lost it or something.
Are you a computer hacker?
There is a very serious situation across the street.
I don't make that much money.
They were not really into sports.
Thank you, and please enjoy your stay!
My favorite author just released a brand new book.
I didn't know there was such a thing.
That is my retirement plan.
I would like to see a little bit more of that.
She jumped at the sound of the thunder storm.
I have to balance work and life.
I love to watch cartoons on Saturday morning.
She will be a sophomore in high school next year.
You have a choice of which car to buy.
My real concern is this.
They would have never picked it out.
That is why they're kind of behind on work.
She's like seventy four years old now.
I just want to enjoy myself a little bit.
It could be recycled.
It costs ten or twenty dollars per ounce.
Of course it's real convenient for you.
We were interested in the local schools.
He won a free trip or something along those lines.
The sport looks fun until you're playing it.
I still like the New York Giants.
I studied environmental engineering in college.
My son really wanted a pet bird.
One of the biggest creatures in the animal kingdom.
Have you seen that one about survivors in the Amazon rain forest?
A guy that I know just got a job there.
I think it is a wonderful interim place.
We did go camping in Arkansas.
I don't really follow the NBA very closely.
And so, you know, and it's his choice to make.
The acid rain situation or the ozone depletion?
My husband travels.
That's just the way it was.
I was raised in New York.
They needed a smaller setting.
You like pets and things.
It's up by Green Bay.
My brother is five years younger than my sister is.
It is fine.
I was raised in this area.
He scored better than we did on the final exam.
Did you see it the other night?
Yeah I really mean that.
Yeah that book is about the same kind of thing.
I can still read music.
How are you liking it?
I was accused of selling drugs.
Did you find it hard to make decisions?
How did you come to join that team?
I went back home tonight.
I try not to use insecticides on my lawn.
It does not snow as much as I remember while growing up.
We drove through Oklahoma City.
After graduation, the students will go on to a variety of colleges.
It's still in great shape.
The military has a strong presence in the Persian Gulf.
That is cheap compared to what I usually buy.
On the other hand, I am quite good.
I love this country so much.
You get the point.
Were you calling me from Texas?
I love eating pecan pie.
We went to go see The Godfather Part Three.
It is strange enough.
There has been a change in the price of oil.
Either way, they always spell it wrong.
I think nursing homes can be good for some people.
I was arrested for something really minor.
He's going to be traveling to Europe with a group of friends.
They live in a little white frame house.
The event was really oriented toward little kids.
They fell out because of his drug addiction.
Teach children to love reading for pleasure.
So what company do you work for?
We had such a good time.
It's kind of funny.
Because a lot of our friends will be coming over later.
That will be a big thrill for them.
Well that sounds pretty good.
You live right across the street from my daughter.
I don't understand any of that.
It's actually turning out to be even worse than we thought.
My daughter is in kindergarten.
You don't have to worry that much.
I am pretty aware of what goes on here.
I really don't have any problem with it.
I did not earn my degree until later on in my life.
That was the point.
He's just so tall.
It is important for women who need to work.
They are here for a purpose.
We got together every summer for vacation.
We could spend that money very quickly.
I took care of the children.
It's not like he had a choice.
Lunch was like thirteen dollars or something.
And I think he's as guilty as the devil.
I couldn't believe how much it cost.
I like being involved in things like this.
The brand new company is making a lot of money.
I'm going to go to the grocery store.
I was so thrilled that they visited me.
So imagine all of his lines being spoken in that voice.
It has been a really nice spring.
The movie had a lot of nudity and curse words.
Take a piece of paper to draw on.
I think it's important to know about this.
You will learn more about the characters in the book.
People are having their civil rights taken away.
What some of these people went through is terrible.
I played a large role in that decision.
We have had no snow this winter.
Some of them did say that.
I can understand their viewpoint.
Divide the money up between all of us.
It's his choice to make.
Are you talking about the acid rain situation or the ozone depletion?
My husband travels frequently.
They're not buying homes.
The girls at school are all wearing clothes from the sixties.
You probably wouldn't recognize me.
It was on the news every night.
The fish was cooked with some olives.
They don't kill the animals.
Selling bottles of water.
The reality is that's usually not the case.
I wonder where they learned to do that.
He kept his tone light and casual, but firm.
I would reconsider where I was buying it from.
They're doing a lot of good research here.
Do you like to travel?
The state and the city are contradicting each other.
How did researchers reach this conclusion?
The measure passed the House by a landslide vote.
They sent us a little booklet to read.
Why is this such an unusual thing to do?
Take a seat on the bench.
I'm going to visit Florida and Louisiana.
When we bought it last year.
It's nice to have a pet dog.
That's one good thing about having a cat though.
The rich people started leaving the city.
He went over all that with his doctors.
Doesn't seem like it so far.
We seem to agree on that.
The immune system can slow down at first.
I have two other sisters.
Some of the students are failing the class.
I'm sure you will find something.
I mean he's doing alright.
It was a real special day.
The neighbor across the street just moved in.
A natural gas explosion.
I wouldn't say it's as bad as New York.
Who would they ask for clarification?
Evidently he was elected president.
These guys just want attention.
We used to always enjoy watching that show.
You go on outside and play.
So do you like your new truck?
I think there's about seventy five people here.
Whatever they tell you is a lie.
They can't do as good of a job.
It's a nice place.
I just can't do those types of puzzles.
If their skirts are above the knee they are too short.
How long have you lived in this house?
Especially if he's a repeat offender.
Some new types of furniture.
That's where I am.
It was about nine o'clock at night.
How is your boss at your new job?
My father is the man in the corduroy jacket.
The two seats up front are empty.
It's a personal decision.
She doesn't work.
I think it's good that you see your cousins frequently.
I don't know what you think about that.
Eat slowly, chew well, and enjoy the meal.
What you have and what you don't have.
Just forty miles north of here.
I drove a Cadillac back then.
You don't understand this.
A really good thing to do.
My son just adopted a cat.
Not just with the visit to Pittsburgh.
What if you were in your kid's shoes?
Barometric pressure drops during a tornado.
Cover him up and keep him warm.
They're very affectionate with one another.
